# 005 - How Great Thou Art

## Notation

Bb - 4/4 on 3+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

O Lord my God! When I in awesome wonder consider all the worlds Thy hands have made, I see the stars, I hear the rolling thunder, Thy pow'r throughout the universe displayed.

### Verse 2

When thru the woods and forest glades I wander and hear the birds sing sweetly in the trees; when I look dowon from lofty mountain grandeur and hear the brook and feel the gentle breeze.

### Verse 3

And when I think that God, His Son not sparing, sent Him to die, I scarce can take it in: that on the cross, my burdens gladly bearing, He bled and died to take away my sin.

### Verse 4

When Christ shall come with shout of acclamation and take me home, what joy shall fill my heart! Then I shall bow in humble adoration and there proclaim, my God, how great Thou art!

### Chorus

Then sings my soul, my savior God to Thee; How great Thou art, how great Thou art! Then sings my soul, my Savior God to Thee; How great Thou art, how great Thou art!


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 86:10](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2086%3A10)

## Topics

- Praise/Adoration

## Stakeholders

- Boberg, Carl (Composer)
- Hine, Stuart K. (Lyricist)
- Hine, Stuart K. (Arranger)
- Manna Music, Inc. (Copyright Holder)
- Capitol CMG Publ. USA (Copyright Holder)
- Hope Publishing Co. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© 1949, 1953 The Stuart Hine Trust CIO. All rights in the USA, its territories and possessions, except print rights,
admin. by Capitol CMG Publ. USA, N. and Central American print rights and all Canadian and S. American rights
admin. by Hope Publishing Co.All other N. and Central American rights admin. by the Stuart Hine Trust CIO.
Rest of the world rights admin.by Integrity Music Europe. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
License required through CCLI, OneLicense, Easy Licensing, or other licensing company for copyright compliance

## Disclaimers

Copies permitted up to limit of license (usually # in congregation)
Must report usage and additional copies with your licensing company

