# 015 - I Am His Child

## Notation

C - 3/4 on 3 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Must I live a life of sinning just to know God will forgive me? Must I then be brokenhearted just to know that He can cheer me?

### Verse 2

Must I be in heav'n with Him just to know the Lord is reigning? Must I see His acts of power, just ot know that He is with me?

### Verse 3

Must my prayers be loudly spoken just to know the Father hears me? Must I die with no one knowing just to know the Father sees me?

### Verse 4

Must I see the King leave heaven just to keep my hopeful yearning? Must I watch with perfect vision just to know that He's returning?

### Chorus

Praise the Lord! I am forgiven, and my Father up in heaven knows and hears and will be with me; praise the Lord! I am His child!


## Scriptures

### Psalm 106:1

- [Psalm 106:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20106%3A1)


## Topics

- Assurance
- Praise/Adoration - Of God

## Stakeholders

- Alexander, Don M. (Composer)
- Alexander, Don M. (Lyricist)
- Shepard-Stevens Music, Inc. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1986 by Donald M. Alexander. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

