# 018 - The Great Redeemer

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

How I love the great Redeemer who is doing so much for me; with what joy I tell the story of the love that makes men free. Till my earthly life is ended, I will send songs above, then beside the crystal sea more and more my soul shall be praising Jesus and His love.

### Verse 2

He has purchased my redemption, rolled the burden of sin away, and is walking on beside me, growing dearer day by day. That is why I sing His praises, that is why joy is mine, that is why forever more on the everlasting shore I shall sing of love divine.

### Verse 3

Glory be to Him forever! Endless praises to Christ the Lamb! He has filled my life with sunshine, He has made me what I am. O that ev'ryone would know Him, o that all would adore! O that all would trust the love of the mighty Friend above and be His forever more.

### Chorus

He is ev'rything to me, to me, He is everything to me, and everything shall always be; I will never cease to raise a song of gladness in His praise; here, and in the world above, my soul shall sing of saving love; life and light and joy is He the precious Friend who died for me.


## Scriptures

### Ephesians 1:7

- [Ephesians 1:7](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Ephesians%201%3A7)


## Topics

- Christ - Savior
- Redemption

## Stakeholders

- Beazley, Samuel W. (Composer)
- Foster, Francis (Lyricist)
- Public Domain (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Public Domain
(This hymn is free to use)

## Disclaimers

None

