# 033 - Mighty Is The Lord

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Mighty is the Lord, our God, give praise to His great name, great name; saints of earth and hosts of heav'n proclaim abroad His fame; come rejoicing, shout "Hosanna" that all men may see; mighty is the Lord who lives eternally.

### Verse 2

Holy is the Lord of Hosts, whose reign shall never cease, ne'er cease; He can save the fallen race and give the fallen peace; all the earth should sing His praises, for He makes us free; mighty is the Lord who lives eternally.

### Verse 3

Mighty is our God, Jehovah, wondrous is His grace, His grace; He is building now in heav'n, that we might have a place; how he makes us want to serve Him, His own people be; mighty is the Lord who lives eternally.

### Chorus

Mighty is the Lord who dwelleth in the heavens, mighty is the Lord who ruleth o'er the sea; mighty is the Lord who never sleeps nor slumbers, mighty is the Lord who lives eternally.


## Scriptures

### Psalm 150:2

- [Psalm 150:2](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20150%3A2)


## Topics

- Praise/Adoration

## Stakeholders

- Elmore, Johnny (Composer)
- Elmore, Johnny (Lyricist)
- M. Lynwood Smith Publishing (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1966 by M. Lynwood Smith. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

