# 038 - King Most High

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

From the earth, form the sky, breaks forth the joyful cry, "Our Lord is King most high!" crucified, He revived, that's why He's King most high.

### Verse 2

Humble birth held no worth till angel voice sang forth, "A King is born this day!" Then the earth was aware its hope had come to stay.

### Verse 3

Words He gave me to say, by works He led the way this Lord and King to be. Then alone, blood atoned, His life He gave for me.

### Verse 4

Darkest pow'r He o'ercame, life for me He regained; a prophet ne'er to die; Priest fore'er on His throne: Lord, God my King most high.

### Chorus

My Lord is great and good, and He will hear my cry; He'll ever live and ever reign, my Lord and King most high.


## Scriptures

### Psalm 7:17

- [Psalm 7:17](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%207%3A17)


## Topics

- Christ - Kingship/Lordship
- Praise/Adoration

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Cope, James R. (Lyricist)
- Shepard-Stevens Music, Inc. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1986 by James R. Cope & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

