# 040 - God's Love And Power

## Notation

Bb - 4/4 on 3+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

When I survey the world and all its splendor, the heav'ns declare a beautiful array. Yes, we believe our God still rules in heaven; the darkest night He changes back to day.

### Verse 2

Creation speaks of God in all His glory: the meadows, lakes and flow'rs of early spring. Thru life God shows His care for ev'ry creature; such love and pow'r inspires my heart to sing.

### Verse 3

The greatest gift God gave for our salvation; He loved the world by giving His dear Son. The sacrifice He gave for us on Cal'ry, brings life and peace, and hope to ev'ryone.

### Chorus

God's love and pow'r are shown in ev'ry scene; adorning truth on which we can rely. When time is o'er, all earth will then proclaim that Christ is Lord, and King most high.


## Scriptures

### Romans 1:20

- [Romans 1:20](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans%201%3A20)


## Topics

- Love - Of God
- Praise/Adoration

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Stevens, Roy J.  Jr. (Composer)
- Worley, Claude E. (Lyricist)
- Stevens, Roy J.  Jr. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1986 by Roy Joseph Stevens, Jr. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

