# 052 - God Is Our Loving Father

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Our God, Creator of the universe, our God, the Lord of all the earth, we praise and magnify His glorious name; He is all the world to you and me. But listen to our wondrous story, the very thought will thrill your soul, That God, the Ruler of the world is the loving Father of us all. 

### Verse 2

Let ev'ry knee before Him humbly bow; He reigns supremely over all. Through Him all things created now exist; He holds the sceptor in His hand. But listen to our wondrous story, the very thought will thrill your soul, That God, the Ruler of the world is the loving Father of us all. 

### Verse 3

For God so loved us, even sinners; He gave His only Son to die, and on the cross our debt was gladly paid; Jesus died that you and I might live. But listen to our wondrous story, the very thought will thrill your soul, That God, the Ruler of the world is the loving Father of us all. 

### Verse 4

And at the time of my departure, as it must come for ev'ry man, let not my loved ones weep in sorrow; my soul is in my Father's hands. For listen to our wondrous story, the very thought will thrill your soul, That God, the Ruler of the world is the loving Father of us all. 


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 24:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2024%3A1)

## Topics

- Love - Of God
- Praise/Adoration

## Stakeholders

- Sikes, Eugene (Composer)
- Sikes, Eugene (Lyricist)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)
- Sikes, Eugene (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1991 by Eugene Sikes. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

