# 056 - All Creatures Of Our God And King

## Notation

Eb - 3/4 on 3 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

All creatures of our God and King, lift up your voice and with us sing alleluia! Alleluia! Thou burning sun with golden beam, Thou silver moon with softer gleam, O praise Him, O praise Him! Alleluia! Alleluia! Alleluia!

### Verse 2

Thou rushing wind that art so strong, Ye clouds that sail in heav'n along, o praise Him! Alleluia! Thou rising morn, in praise rejoice; Ye lights of  evening find a voice, O praise Him, O praise Him! Alleluia! Alleluia! Alleluia!

### Verse 3

Thou flowing water, pure and clear, make music for Thy Lord to hear. Alleluia! Alleluia! Thou fire so masterful and bright, that givest man both warmth and light, O praise Him, O praise Him! Alleluia! Alleluia! Alleluia!

### Verse 4

And all ye men of tender heart, forgiving others take your part. O sing ye! Alleluia! Ye who long pain and sorrow bear, praise God and on Him cast your care! O praise Him, O praise Him! Alleluia! Alleluia! Alleluia!

### Verse 5

Let all things their Creator bless, and worship Him in humbleness. O praise Him! Alleluia! Praise, praise the Father, praise the Son, and praise the Spirit, three in one! O praise Him, O praise Him! Alleluia! Alleluia! Alleluia! 

### Coda

Amen.


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 145:10](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20145%3A10)

## Topics

- Praise/Adoration

## Stakeholders

- Kirchengesäng, Cologne Geistliche (Composer)
- Assisi, Francis of (Lyricist)
- Public Domain (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Public Domain
(This hymn is free to use)

## Disclaimers

None

