# 071 - God Answers Prayer Today

## Notation

A - 4/4 on 3+ - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

We pray for strength that our desires may be fulfilled, but weakness comes and humbles us to do God's will. We pray for strength thatwe can do some greater thing, yet burdens come; to Him we always cling.

### Verse 2

We thank our Father for the blessings we've received, o what a joy to know He hears when we believe. We do not seek from Him earth's wealth or wordly fame, we seek Him first; in Jesus' blessed name.

### Verse 3

As days grow short and life begins to fade away, we see God's wisdom as He answers when we pray. Our heav'nly Father knows our every care and need, He knows what's best; His will we must give heed.

### Chorus

God answers prayer today, but in the wisest way, He knows what's best for us, from day to day.


## Scriptures

### I John 5:14

- [I John 5:14](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20John%205%3A14)


## Topics

- Prayer

## Stakeholders

- Lewis, J. Brent (Composer)
- Lewis, J. Brent (Lyricist)
- Stevens, R. J. (Lyricist)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)
- Lewis, J. Brent (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1972 by J. Brent Lewis. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

