# 082 - Our Fellowship

## Notation

E - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

O Father, whtching over me, and leading me thru life, so many times I  call to Thee in sorrow, guilt and strife. And faithful, Lord, art Thou nearby to answer every prayer. Protect me Lord, lest I deny our fellowhip, Thy care.

### Verse 2

O Father, Thou spared not Thy Son, but bought us with His blood; from many nations, made Thou one United brotherhood. Where e'er we gather in His name, a common love we share, at home, in distant land, the same communion everywhere!

### Verse 3

Past children of Thy covenant, from every age and land, ascended upward, truimphant, and joined a mighty band. One day, we hope to sing with them the hymn composed beyond, and with Thy congregation, from an everlasting bond.


## Scriptures

### I John 1:3

- [I John 1:3](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20John%201%3A3)


## Topics

- Fellowship
- Love - Brotherly
- Thanksgiving
- Unity

## Stakeholders

- Hersey, Kelly R. (Composer)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Roberts, Craig A. (Lyricist)
- Stevens, Pauline (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1992 by Pauline Stevens. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

