# 1005 - Farther Along

## Notation

F - 9/8 on 7 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Tempted and tried we're oft made to wonder Why it should be thus all the day long, While there are others living about us, Never molested tho' in the wrong.

### Verse 2

When death has come and taken our loved ones, It leaves our home so lonely and drear; Then do we wonder why others prosper, Living so wicked year after year.

### Verse 3

Faithful 'til death said our loving Master, A few more days to labor and wait; Toils of the road will then seem as nothing, As we sweep thro' the beautiful gate.

### Chorus

Farther along we'll know all about it, Farther along we'll understand why; Cheer up, my brother, live in the sunshine, We'll understand it all by and by.

### Verse 4

When we see Jesus coming in glory, When He comes from His home in the sky; Then we shall meet Him in that bright mansion, We'll understand it all by and by.


## Scriptures

- [Revelation 21:4](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%2021%3A4)

## Topics

- Comfort/Encouragement
- Eternal Life

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, W. B. (Composer)
- Stevens, W. B. (Lyricist)
- Baxter, J. R.  Jr. (Arranger)
- Stamps-Baxter Music/BMI (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1937 by Stamps-Baxter Music/ BMI. Adm. by Brentwood-Benson Music Pub., Inc. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

