# 1006 - Magnify, O Magnify!

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Magnify, O magnify! O magnify our God and Father, Magnify, O magnify! O magnify our God. He has made us in His glorious image, We ever strive to be like Him. He alone is Holy, He alone is righteous, Cry aloud with gladness, our joy in Him. Cry aloud with gladness, our joy in Him

### Verse 2

Magnify, O magnify! O magnify our God and Father, Magnify, O magnify! O magnify our God. He has given us His Son to save us, Now reconciled to be like him. Give Him praise forever, honor and revere Him, Cry aloud with gladness, our joy in Him. Cry aloud with gladness, our joy in Him.

### Verse 3

Magnify, O magnify! O magnify our God and Father, Magnify, O magnify! O magnify our God. He will bring us to His wond'rous glory, To perfect fellowship with Him. We will see His wonder, We will see His Beauty, Cry aloud with gladness, our joy in Him. Cry aloud with gladness, our joy in Him.


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 69:30](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2069%3A30)

## Topics

- Joy/Rejoicing
- God

## Stakeholders

- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Composer)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Lyricist)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2000 by Blenda Barnhart Schales. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

