# 1008 - How Long Till The Morning

## Notation

Em - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Consider the mornings of this mortal land, Each a new beginning from the Maker's hand. While the storms may gather 'gainst the evening sky, The day breaks cloudless in the morning.

### Verse 2

Rise up to the battle, for the skies dawn clear. Let us gather courage while the foe draws near. Though the night falls weary, saints of God, march on! And He'll raise our banner in the morning.

### Verse 3

When the trumpet sounds to signal Heaven's day, Resurrection Morning when the dead shall wake, What a glorious gath'ring when the Lord descends And we rise to meet him in the morning.

### Chorus

How long, my Lord? Till we see the morning? How long, O, my Lord, till we see your face? O my Lord, guide us through our troubles till we rise above them in the morning.


## Scriptures

### I Thessalonians 4:17

- [I Thessalonians 4:17](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Thessalonians%204%3A17)


## Topics

- Resurrection - Of Believer
- Second Coming

## Stakeholders

- Couchman, C. E. (Composer)
- Couchman, C. E. (Lyricist)
- Couchman, C. E. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1992 by C. E. Couchman. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

