# 1012 - I Sing The Mighty Power Of God

## Notation

Bb - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

I sing the mighty pow'r of God, That made the mountains rise; That spread the flowing seas abroad, And built the lofty skies. I sing the wisdom that ordained The sun to rule the day; The moon shines full at His command, And all the stars obey.

### Verse 2

I sing the goodness of the Lord, That filled the earth with food. He formed the creatures with His Word, And then pronounced them good. Lord, how thy wonders are displayed, where-e'er I turn my eye: If I survey the ground I tread, Or gaze upon the sky!

### Verse 3

There's not a plant or flow'r below, But makes Thy glories known; And clouds arise, and tempests blow, By order from Thy throne. While all that borrows life from Thee Is ever in Thy care. And ev'rywhere that man can be, Thou, God, art present there. Amen.


## Scriptures

### Hebrews 11:3

- [Hebrews 11:3](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Hebrews%2011%3A3)


## Topics

- Creation - Act Of
- God - Creator

## Stakeholders

- Gesangbuch (Composer)
- Watts, Isaac (Lyricist)
- Morrison, Richard L. (Copyright Holder)
- Morrison, Richard L. (Arranger)

## Copyright

Arr. © Copyright 2000 by Richard L. Morrison. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

