# 1022 - Be Strong And Courageous

## Notation

Eb - 3/4 on 3 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Be strong and courageous, you hosts of the Lord! Rise up for the battle, and gird on your swords! The land of His promise is yours now by right; Take all He has given; go forth to the fight!

### Verse 2

Be strong and courageous, thru God you will win, tho' great be the armies of error and sin. Your Captain will lead you to conquer the land; His arm cannot fail you, and they cannot stand.

### Verse 3

Be strong and courageous, consider His law; regard it with rev'rence; perform it with awe. Be careful to follow all God has decreed. For then He will bless you, and you will succceed.

### Chorus

Be strong and courageous, and conquer the foe! The Lord God is with you wherever you go!

### Coda

Be strong and courageous, Be strong and courageous, Be strong and courageous.


## Scriptures

### Joshua 1:9

- [Joshua 1:9](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Joshua%201%3A9)


## Topics

- Exhortation/Admonition
- Warfare - Spiritual

## Stakeholders

- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Composer)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Lyricist)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2001 by Glenda Barnhart Schales. All Rights reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

