# 1028 - For You Have Promised

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 3+ - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

O Father, draw me close to You. Calm now my spirit, peace renew. And yes, I know You hear, for You are near, For You have promised, and I believe.

### Verse 2

I lift my hand to reach Your face. Find in Your arms a hiding place, To be enfolded there within Your care, For You have promised, and I believe.

### Verse 3

I speak Your name into the night. Seek thro' the pain, Your healing light. And then I will not fear, for You are here, For You have promised, and I believe.

### Verse 4

Secure my heart, Lord, as I kneel. Make sure my trust, my all, I yield. Then I'll be one with You in all I do, For You have promised, and I believe.

### Chorus

Then I will praise Your name forever, I'll give You thanks and magnify Your loving favor. And I will tell of Your salvation, For all Your promises are true, and I believe.


## Scriptures

### Hebrews 10:23

- [Hebrews 10:23](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Hebrews%2010%3A23)


## Topics

- Faith/ Believe
- Promises Of God
- Trust

## Stakeholders

- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Composer)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Lyricist)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1995 by Glenda Barnhart Schales. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

