# 1036 - Gleams The Harvest

## Notation

Ab - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Have you heard the Master calling, "Come and serve me in my Kingdom?" Have you heard the mighty summons clearly ring? From above a voice petitions, "Go and serve me in my vineyard." Shall I heed it? Yes, I'll go and serve my King.

### Verse 2

Will you join the host of workers, As they serve the Blessed Master? Will you answer, "Here am I, O Lord, send me?" Will you go unto the harvest of the souls my Lord is needing? Gleams the harvest Just as far as you can see!

### Verse 3

Souls are coming here and yonder, As they did in Macedonia, Souls that thirst and hunger daily for the word. Who shall feel their pangs of hunger, Who shall even care or wonder? Shall they perish? No, we'll tell them of our Lord.

### Chorus

Have you heard? Yes, I've heard it loud and clearly, And I know it was for me, my Master's word. Will you go? Yes, I'm going, Yes, I'm going; Yes, I'll go and gladly serve, I'll serve my Lord.


## Scriptures

### John 4:35

- [John 4:35](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%204%3A35)


## Topics

- Work And Service

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2001 by O. E. Landrum & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

