# 1038 - The Apples In A Seed

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

In the fruitful tree there is an apple. Deep within the apple, many seeds. So the Father set all things in order, Knowing just what ev'rything would need. You may count the seeds within the apple, You may count the apples on a tree. You may count the trees within the orchard. Who can count the apples in a seed?

### Verse 2

From the mind of God before creation, From the heart of heaven, mercy's plan, Bringing peace to ev'ry tribe and nation, Heaven's hope for lost and dying man. God would take the brightest Star of Heaven, Send Him down to hang upon a tree. Tell the world that Jesus is redemption. Say he came to pardon you and me.

### Verse 3

Do not doubt that someone will believe it, Though a hundred hear and turn away, For if only one heart will receive it, Through the one, a thousand may obey. It may be a gentleman of ninety; It may be a child of only ten. Sow the precious seed for the Almighty. You can watch it multiply again!

### Chorus

Who can count the apples in a seed? (Who can say how much the fruit will grow? Who can say how far the Word will go? Who can say how far the Word will go?) Who can know the harvest of tomorrow? Who can count the apples in a seed? 


## Scriptures

- [Luke 8:8](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Luke%208%3A8)

## Topics

- Soul Winning

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, Anne F. (Composer)
- Stevens, Anne F. (Lyricist)
- Stevens, Anne F. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1999 by Anne Stevens. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

