# 1039 - O Father, Lord Of Harvest

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

O Father, Lord of Harvest, We offer praise to Thee For all Thy faithful servants Wherever they may be. We thank Thee for their labors And fruit their efforts yield, And ask Thy special blessings On those in foreign fields.

### Verse 2

Away from home and fam-'lies, They strive to plant the seed, To reach the souls that hunger, To fill their spirit's need. Dear Father, guard their footsteps, Uphold them lest they fall, Provide Thy loving guidance In all things great and small.

### Verse 3

May we, who also serve Thee, Serve them in thought and prayer, Our substance give with gladness, Their joys and burdens share. To give them strength and comfort, May we their hands uphold Till all Thy sheep who're straying Are gathered in Thy fold.


## Scriptures

- [Matthew 9:38](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%209%3A38)

## Topics

- Prayer - Petition
- Planting/Harvest

## Stakeholders

- Garrison, Gayle D. (Composer)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Trimble, Cherry (Lyricist)
- Trimble, Cherry (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2002 by Cherry Trimble & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

