# 1047 - Fight The Good Fight

## Notation

Eb - 6/4 on 6 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Sometimes we doubt, thru trial and test, Too blind to see that God's way is best, Let's wait on the Lord, serve Him patiently, His promise is true, and He'll answer thee.

### Verse 2

We suffer pain, our faith may grow dim, Must we forget all gifts come from Him? Our blessings from God far outway our pain; We pray for God's strength and praise His great name.

### Chorus

So fight the good fight, finish the course, And keep the faith in the Lord, Our righteous judge, our glorious King will bestow upon you, your reward.

### Verse 3

We ask God's care, His blessings we seek, Tho' oft we fail His strait way to keep, We serve Him each day, in darkness or sun, And now humbly pray, that God's will be done.


## Scriptures

### I Timothy 6:7

- [I Timothy 6:7](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Timothy%206%3A7)


## Topics

- Warfare - Spiritual

## Stakeholders

- Cunningham, Janet Srygley (Composer)
- Cunningham, Janet Srygley (Lyricist)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)
- Cunningham, Janet Srygley (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2006 by Janet Srygley Cunningham. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

