# 1050 - Till The Storm Passes By

## Notation

Eb - 3/4 on 3 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

In the dark of the midnight have I oft hid my face, While the storm howls above me, and there's no hiding place. 'Mid the crash of the thunder, precious Lord, hear my cry;Keep me safe 'til the storm passes by.

### Verse 2

Many times Satan whispered, "There is no need to try, For there's no end of sorrow, there's no hope by and by." But I know Thou art with me, and tomorrow I'll rise Where the storm never darkens the skies.

### Verse 3

When the long night has ended and the storms come no more, Let me stand in Thy presence on that bright, peaceful shore. In that land where the tempest never comes, Lord, may I dwell with Thee when the storm passes by.

### Chorus

Till the storm passes over, 'til the thunder sounds no more, 'til the clouds roll forever from the sky, Hold me fast, let me stand in the hollow of Thy hand, Keep me safe 'til the storm passes by.


## Scriptures

### Psalm 71:3

- [Psalm 71:3](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2071%3A3)


## Topics

- Christ - Rock/Refuge
- Prayer - Petition

## Stakeholders

- Lister, Mosie (Composer)
- Lister, Mosie (Lyricist)
- Lillenas Publishing Co. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1958 by Lillenas Publishing Co. All Rights Reserved.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

