# 1078 - Faithful Love

## Notation

C - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Faithful love flowing down from the thorn-covered crown, Makes me whole, saves my soul, washes whiter than snow; Faithful love calms each fear, reaches down, dries each tear, Holds my hand when I can't stand on my own. Faithful love from above came to earth to show the Father's love; And I'll never be the same, for I've seen faithful love face to face, and Jesus is His name.

### Verse 2

Faithful love is a friend just when hope seems to end, Welcome face, sweet embrace, tender touch filled with grace; Faithful love, endless pow'r, living flame, Spirit's fire, Burning bright in the night, guiding my way. Faithful love from above came to earth to show the Father's love; And I'll never be the same, for I've seen faithful love face to face, and Jesus is His name.


## Scriptures

### Lamentations 3:22

- [Lamentations 3:22](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Lamentations%203%3A22)


## Topics

- Love - Of Christ
- Love - Of God

## Stakeholders

- Young, Ken (Composer)
- Young, Ken (Lyricist)
- Hallal Music (Copyright Holder)
- Preston Christian Music (Copyright Holder)
- LCS Music Group (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1993 by Hallal Music, Preston Christian Music. Adm. by LCS Music Group. All Rights Reserved.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

