# 1083 - O Magnify My Master

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

O magnify my Master, exalt His holy name. His name I praise forever, forever and again. To heights of all Thy glory, to heights beyond the sky; To far beyond creation; to Him let praises fly.

### Verse 2

With words of adoration, with songs of endless praise; From hearts that know but gladness, for love of heaven's ways, And from yon realms, majestic, where saints of ages gone; With joy my soul would cherish; praise Jesus all day long.

### Verse 3

As well as I may praise Thee in my own fragile way; Nor with my soul, O Jesus, could I Thy love repay. I sing of all Thy graces, I bow and laud Thy care, And take of all Thy blessings. I see them ev'rywhere.


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 34:3](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2034%3A3)

## Topics

- Christ - Kingship/Lordship
- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1998 by O. E. Landrum & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

