# 1090 - Come, Share The Lord

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 3+ - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

We gather here in Jesus name, His love is burning in our hearts like living flame. For thru the loving Son the Father makes us one. Come take the bread, come drink the cup, come share the Lord. No one is a stranger here, for everyone belongs. Finding our forgiveness here, we in turn forgive all wrongs.

### Verse 2

He joins us here, He breaks the bread, The Lord who pours the cup is risen from the dead. The One we love the most is now our gracious host. Come take the bread, come drink the cup, come share the Lord. We are now a family of which the Lord is head. Tho' unseen He meets us here in the breaking of the bread.

### Verse 3

We'll gather soon where angels sing, We'll see the glory of our Lord and coming King. Now we anticipate the feast for which we wait. Come take the bread, come drink the cup, come share the Lord.


## Scriptures

- [Acts 20:7](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Acts%2020%3A7)

## Topics

- Fellowship - With Believers
- Fellowship - With Christ
- Lord's Supper - Observance
- Lord's Supper - Remembrance

## Stakeholders

- Leech, Bryan Jeffery (Composer)
- Leech, Bryan Jeffery (Lyricist)
- Fred Bock Music Co. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1987 by Fred Bock Music Co. All Rights Reserved.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

