# 1094 - Lift Up Your Voice

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 3+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Lift up your voice to all the Savior needing. Tell them Jesus lives! Lift up your voice for life from Him proceeding, That He freely gives.

### Verse 2

Lift up your voice, sing out this blessed story Of the dying Lamb. Lift up your voice, Proclaim the Father's glory. He's the great I AM!

### Verse 3

Lift up your voice to praise the Holy Spirit, For the word Divine. Lift up your voice, Let ev'ry human hear it: Jesus Christ is mine!

### Verse 4

Lift up your voice to Jesus reigning o'er us. Blend your hearts in song. Lift up your voice And join the angel chorus. Raise your voices strong!

### Chorus

Lift up your voice and sing it! Sing it and tell it, yes, tell it again. Make every mountain ring it! Sing Hallelujah, Amen.


## Scriptures

- [Isaiah 24:14](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Isaiah%2024%3A14)

## Topics

- Exhortation/Admonition
- Soul Winning

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, Anne F. (Composer)
- Stevens, Anne F. (Lyricist)
- Stevens, Anne F. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1999 by Anne Stevens. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

