# 1096 - What A Friend We Have In Jesus

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

What a friend we have in Jesus, All our sins and griefs to bear; What a privilege to carry Ev'rything to God in prayer. O what peace we often forfeit, O what needless pain we bear, All because we do not carry ev'rything to God in prayer.

### Verse 2

Have we trials and temptations? Is there trouble anywhere? We should never be discouraged, Take it to the Lord in prayer. Can we find a friend so faithful, Who will all our sorrows share? Jesus knows our every weakness: Take it to the Lord in prayer.

### Verse 3

Are we weak and heavy laden, Cumbered with a load of care? Precious Savior, still our refuge, Take it to the Lord in prayer. Do your friends despise, forsake you? Take it to the Lord in prayer. In His arms He'll take and shield you, You will find a solace there.


## Scriptures

- [Ephesians 3:12](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Ephesians%203%3A12)

## Topics

- Christ - Friend/Helper
- Prayer - Exhortation

## Stakeholders

- Converse, Charles C. (Composer)
- Scriven, Joseph (Lyricist)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Arr. © Copyright 2006 by R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

