# 1098 - Little Souls

## Notation

Bb - 4/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Little souls are made in heaven, High up there where angels sing; Where the angels gather 'round to praise and glorify their King. Little souls are for the tiny that are brought into the world. Tiny souls for tiny children, Precious little boys and girls.

### Verse 2

Tiny sons and tiny daughters, Many joys but sorrows few; Gifts from Thee if but to borrow, Tiny children come from You. Shared with us by Thee, O Father, Placed within our fragile care; Gladly then our lot accepted, Blessed lot that parents share.

### Verse 3

Little children soon departing; Childish ways too soon are flown. Mom and Dad no longer guiding little souls that now have grown. Out of love we hold them dearly, Out of love we guide their way. Out of gratitude we praise Thee, Lord, and honor Thee each day.


## Scriptures

- [Luke 18:16](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Luke%2018%3A16)

## Topics

- Home/Family

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2000 by O. E. Landrum & R. J. Stevens, Owners. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

