# 1114 - Abiding Things

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Since our days on earth are numbered, And ere long our journey's passed; With the coming of the sunset, Comes the clearer view at last. In the scenes that flee before us, Things abide from God above; From the hand of God, rich blessings, Now abide faith, hope, and love.

### Verse 2

Now by faith we're walking daily, And by faith we humbly pray. When by fears our faith is tested, then God's word gives strength each day. Satan snares us by temptation; Faith gives victory o'er the world. With great faith, a blest assurance; Now abide faith, hope, and love.

### Verse 3

Faith is precious, more than fine gold; Brings a hope that makes us whole. In the troubled sea of our lives, Hope's an anchor of the soul. Sin will lure us into darkness. Hope gives view to joys so bright. We must tell the gospel story; Now abide faith, hope and love.

### Verse 4

And of all the Christian virtues, Yes, the greatest one is love. Since the Spirit's gifts have ended, The way excellent is love. Faith and hope end at His coming, But our love with God lives on. And we'll live with Him in glory; Now abide faith, hope and love.


## Scriptures

### I Corinthians 13:13

- [I Corinthians 13:13](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Corinthians%2013%3A13)


## Topics

- Comfort/Encouragement
- Hope

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Hartsell, Huey P. (Lyricist)
- Hartsell, Huey P. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2006 by Huey P. Hartsell & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

