# 1115 - Healing In Its Wings

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

O, Father, I do sin, and my heart breaks deep within; For You have sought me, yet I turn away from all Your loving care. So often do I fall, yet You reach out again, Lifting my burden that is more than I can ever bear.

### Verse 2

Thro' Your beloved Son, there is grace so undeserved; How can I ever sin against the One Who makes my heart to sing? Create a heart so clean that like You, I may be, As light of Morning rises up with healing in its wings.

### Verse 3

My broken contrite heart is so worthless in my sight; But You restore it, give it peace and joy to love and follow You. O, may I ever try to strive pure in Your sight. Filled with Your goodness, free to glorify and honor You.


## Scriptures

### Malachi 4:2

- [Malachi 4:2](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Malachi%204%3A2)


## Topics

- Prayer - Petition
- Renewal/Revival

## Stakeholders

- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Composer)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Lyricist)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2000 by Glenda Barnhard Schales. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

