# 1116 - Only God

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Only God can give me comfort in the stillness of the night. When my troubles creep upon me, I find solace in His might. When no words are left to tell Him, When there's nothing left but tears, Only God can ease my heartache, lift my soul, erase my fears.

### Verse 2

Only God with His great power could the seas and earth have made; Tiny grains of sand at seashore, tow'ring redwoods and their shade. Only God with His great hand could paint a rainbow in the sky; Tell the birds that flee from winter when to leave and where to fly.

### Verse 3

Only God with perfect wisdom could my every need address; Gives me food, a home and fam'ly and the cool nights for my rest. Only God could give us children, Bless our lives with joy indeed. Who could hold a newborn baby and in God still not believe?

### Verse 4

Only God could send His own Son to redeem me from my sin. Buried into Christ my Savior, I a new life can begin. Only God, In His great mercy, could salvation grant to me. Only God could create heaven; take me home eternally.


## Scriptures

### II Corinthians 1:3

- [II Corinthians 1:3](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=II%20Corinthians%201%3A3)


## Topics

- God - Creator
- God - Father

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Jamerson, Jerrell (Lyricist)
- Jamerson, Jerrell (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2004 by Jerrell Jamerson & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

