# 1131 - For Such A Time As This

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

It was long ago in that far Persian land, God chose Esther to serve as queen; And she risked her life for God's people to save, God's great providence, clearly seen.

### Verse 2

By God's grace there's life and there's talent for all, His great Word gives purpose for life; God has saved and raised us to fill our own place, Let us work for Him in the strife.

### Verse 3

Our dear God still sees and is using each one, Who is seeking His will to do, He provides and cares for His people each day, Can He now depend on you?

### Verse 4

Deeper into sin many will sink today, We must teach them God's holy way; And must now stand firm in God's kingdom today, Give your best to such time as this.

### Chorus

For such a time as this; For a time like this. Have you come to the kingdom For such a time as this?


## Scriptures

### Esther 4:14

- [Esther 4:14](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Esther%204%3A14)


## Topics

- God - Ruler/King
- Worship

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Hartsell, Huey P. (Lyricist)
- Hartsell, Huey P. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2006 by Huey P. Hartsell & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

