# 1146 - The Great Commission

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 4+ - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

For God so loved the world He gave His only Son, Then Jesus came and tasted death for ev'ryone, He sent the Holy Spirit to reveal His perfect plan, then chose His twelve apostles to go preach to every land.

### Verse 2

Lord Jesus said to sing and pray and teach His word, To give the first day of the week as we've been prospered, Then eat the bread and drink His cup in loving memory, "Show forth my death till I come back each first day of the week."

### Verse 3

One day the Lord is coming back to judge us all, And we don't know the day or hour when He will call; So let us all be ready when He will call; So let us all be ready when He comes for you and me: He'll take us home to heaven there to live eternally.

### Chorus

He gave the Great Commission to Gentiles and the Jews, He said go teach all nations and tell them what to do. They must believe and all repent and be baptized, And then observe the things He said until they die. Today's the day and now's the time, O, do not hesitate, So come today without delay before it is too late.


## Scriptures

### Mark 16:15

- [Mark 16:15](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Mark%2016%3A15)


## Topics

- Second Coming
- Soul Winning

## Stakeholders

- Masters, Waymon D. (Composer)
- Masters, Waymon D. (Lyricist)
- Masters, Waymon D. (Copyright Holder)
- Masters, Paul S. (Copyright Holder)
- Tucker, Gary D. (Arranger)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1986 by Waymon D. Masters & Paul S. Masters. All Rights Reserved.
(Copyrighted hymns not associated with CCLI & hymns of Partnership status)

## Disclaimers

Permission from the copyright owner(s) &/or administrator is required PRIOR to purchasing and downloading (for copying, printing &/or projecting) this hymn.

