# 145 - Wondrous Grace For All

## Notation

G - 6/4 on 6 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

God's grace, his power, his might and his love, he sent in the savior from heaven above, who died on the tree for sinners like me; my soul doth rejoice that salvation is free.

### Verse 2

His word is giv'n for us to obey, so we can reach heaven some wonderful day, as sanctified ones on that heavenly shore, we'll praise his dear name with the saved evermore.

### Verse 3

Our Lord, he's king, he's prophet and priest, he reigns now in heaven o'er great and o'er least; he's coming again to take his saints home, to dwell with him there 'round his glorious throne.

### Chorus

Wondrous grace, heavenly grace, wondrous love, from above, greatest power in his word that mortal have heard. Wondrous hope, for us all, man redeemed from the fall oh, what grace, wondrous grace for all.


## Scriptures

### Titus 2:11

- [Titus 2:11](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Titus%202%3A11)


## Topics

- Exhortation/Admonition
- Grace

## Stakeholders

- Bell, Wilma Reese (Composer)
- Bell, Wilma Reese (Lyricist)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)
- Bell, Wilma Reese (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1985 by Wilma Reese Bell and R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

