# 176 - In The Glory Of His Cross

## Notation

Bb - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

On a hill outside the city, God the father gave his son; Jesus prayed there, in the garden, "not my will but thine be done." With his blood he entered glory, now he hears my every prayer; I will glory, all my glory, in the glory of His care.

### Verse 2

Precious blood of Jesus flowed there to redeem my soul from sin; Jesus laid down his own body, then he took it up again. For it pleased the Lord to bruise him so that he could take my place; I will glory, all my glory, in the glory of his grace.

### Verse 3

Walking daily with my savior as he goes outside the gate; daily trusting, always praying, as I labor here and wait, grant me love to share the gospel with the sinful who are lost; I will glory, all my glory, in the glory of His cross.

### Verse 4

Christ is coming in His glory, every eye will plainly see; What a day for those who serve Him! With the Lord we'll ever be. In eternal habitations, 'round the fathers throne above, we will glory, all our glory, in the glory of His love.


## Scriptures

- [Galatians 6:14](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Galatians%206%3A14)

## Topics

- Lord's Supper

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Alexander, Don M. (Lyricist)
- Shepard-Stevens Music, Inc. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1986 by Don Alexander & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

