# 20014A - AWESOME GOD

## Notation

A - 4/4 on 1 - FA

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Our God is an awesome God; He reigns from heaven above with wisdom, pow'r and love. Our God is an awesome God! God! Our God is an awe-some God! Our God is an awesome God!  God is an awesome God, He reigns from heaven above with wisdom pow'r and love Our pow'r and love. Our God is an awesome God is an awesome  God! Our Our Our  Our God is is awesome, He reigns from heaven with pow'r and wisdom, Our God is an awesome God! God is an awesome God, He reigns from heaven above with wisdom, power and love. Our God is an awesome God! Our God! 

### Verse 2

Our God is an awesome God; He reigns from heaven above with wisdom, pow'r and love. Our God is an awesome God! God! Our God is an awesome God! Our God is an awesome God!  God is an awesome God, He reigns from heaven above with wisdom pow'r and love Our pow'r and love. Our God is an awesome God is an awesome  God! Our Our Our  Our God is is awesome, He reigns from heaven with pow'r and wisdom, Our God is an awesome God! God is an awesome God, He reigns from heaven above with wisdom, power and love. Our God is an awesome God! Our God! 

### Verse 3

Our God is an awesome God; He reigns from heaven above with wisdom, pow'r and love. Our God is an awesome God! God! Our God is an awe-some God! Our God is an awesome God!  God is an awesome God, He reigns from heaven above with wisdom pow'r and love Our pow'r and love. Our God is an awesome God is an awesome  God! Our Our Our  Our God is is awesome, He reigns from heaven with pow'r and wisdom, Our God is an awesome God! God is an awesome God, He reigns from heaven above with wisdom, power and love. Our God is an awesome God! Our God! 

### Verse 4

Our God is an awesome God; He reigns from heaven above with wisdom, pow'r and love. Our God is an awesome God! God! Our God is an awe-some God! Our God is an awesome God!  God is an awesome God, He reigns from heaven above with wisdom pow'r and love Our pow'r and love. Our God is an awesome God is an awesome  God! Our Our Our  Our God is is awesome, He reigns from heaven with pow'r and wisdom, Our God is an awesome God! God is an awesome God, He reigns from heaven above with wisdom, power and love. Our God is an awesome God! Our God! 

### Verse 5

Our God is an awesome God; He reigns from heaven above with wisdom, pow'r and love. Our God is an awesome God! God! Our God is an awe-some God! Our God is an awesome God!  God is an awesome God, He reigns from heaven above with wisdom pow'r and love Our pow'r and love. Our God is an awesome God is an awesome  God! Our Our Our  Our God is is awesome, He reigns from heaven with pow'r and wisdom, Our God is an awesome God! God is an awesome God, He reigns from heaven above with wisdom, power and love. Our God is an awesome God! Our God! 


## Scriptures

### Psalm 145:6

- [Psalm 145:6](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20145%3A6)


## Topics

- God - Ruler/King
- Praise/Adoration - Of God

## Stakeholders

- Mullins, Rich (Composer)
- Mullins, Rich (Lyricist)
- Universal Music - Brentwood Benson Publishing (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1988 by Universal Music - Brentwood Benson Publishing.(Admin. by Brentwood-Benson Music Publishing, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #41099.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

