# 20029A - YOU ARE MY ALL IN ALL

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

You are my strength when I am weak, You are the treasure that I seek, You are my all in all. Seeking You as a precious jewel, Lord, to give up I’d be a fool, You are my all in all! Jesus, Lamb of God, worthy is Your name, Jesus, Lamb of God, worthy is Your name! You are my strength when I am weak, You are the treasure that I I seek, You are my all in all. Seeking You as a precious jewel, Lord, to give up I’d be a fool, You are my all in all! Jesus, Lamb of God, worthy is Your name, Jesus, Lamb of God, worthy is Your name! Worthy is Your name, Worthy is Your name! Taking my sin, my cross, my shame, ri-ing a-gain: I bless Your name, You are my all in all. When I fall down, You pick me up; When I am dry, You fill my cup, You are my all in all. Jesus, Lamb of God, worthy is Your name, Jesus, Lamb of God worthy is Your name!


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 28:7](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2028%3A7)

## Topics

- Christ - Lamb Of God
- Name Of Christ
- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- Jernigan, Dennis L. (Composer)
- Jernigan, Dennis L. (Lyricist)
- Shepherd's Heart Music (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1990 by Shepherd's Heart Music. (Admin. by PraiseCharts Publishing, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #825356
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

