# 20102A - AND CAN IT BE

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

And can it be that I should    gain an int'rest  in my  Savior's Blood? Died He for me, who caused His pain? For me, who scorned His perfect love. Amazing love! How can it be that You, my God, would die for me. 

### Verse 2

You left Your Father's throne above, so free and infinite Your grace. Emptied Yourself of all but love, and bled for Adam's helpless race. Amazing love! How can it be that You, my God, would die for me. 

### Verse 3

Boldly I come before Your throne to claim Your mercy immense and free. No greater love will e'er be known, for O my God it found out me. Amazing love! How can it be that You my God, would die for me.  Amazing love! How can it be that You my God, would die for me. that You, my God, would die that You, my God, would die for me. Amazing love! How can it be?

### Coda

Amazing love! How can it be


## Scriptures

- [Romans 5:8](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans%205%3A8)

## Topics

- Christ - Crucifixion/Death
- Love - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- Wesley, Charles (Composer)
- Kauflin, Bob (Lyricist)
- Bridge Building Music, Inc (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1988 by Bridge Building Music, Inc. (Admin. by Brentwood-Benson Music Publishing, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #49314.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

