# 20155 - COMPLETE IN CHRIST

## Notation

Bb - 6/4 on 6 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Complete in Christ! O! joy within That I am cleansed from all my sin, And I, so heedless, proud, and flawed, Am now perfected in my God! "Complete in Christ!" With heart and mind Forgetting all that lies behind, I seek the prize that waits ahead: The resurrection from the dead.

### Verse 2

Complete in Christ! By grace, complete! My hope sustains me thru defeat. I shout amid the tempter's lies, "Though I have fallen,  I will rise!" "Complete in Christ! Lord, send the day! This earthly tent shall pass away, And I shall know the Sacrificed, Presented then, complete in Christ.

### Chorus

Complete in Christ! "Alive with Him!" Abundantly, exceedingly, Complete, ever in Christ! Complete and perfected in Christ who transforms me; Alive and united with Him who forgives me, ever in Christ!


## Scriptures

- [Colossians 1:28](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Colossians%201%3A28)

## Topics

- Encouragement
- Fellowship - With Christ

## Stakeholders

- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Composer)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Lyricist)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Copyright Holder)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Lyricist)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2003 by Glenda Barnhart Schales.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

