# 20158 - LISTEN TO OUR HEARTS

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 2+ - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

How do you explain, how do you describe A love that goes from east to west, and runs as deep as it is wide. You know all our hopes, Lord, You know all our fears. And words cannot express the love we feel but we long for You to hear.

### Verse 2

If words could fall like rain from these lips of mine, And if I had a thousand years, Lord, I would still run out of time. If You listen to my heart, ev'ry beat will say: "Thank You for the Life,   Thank You for the  Truth, Thank You for the Way."

### Chorus

So listen to our hearts, hear our spirits sing A song of praise that flows from those You have redeemed. We will use the words we know to tell You what an awesome God You are. But words are not enough to tell You of our love, so listen to our hearts.


## Scriptures

- [Romans 8:26](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans%208%3A26)

## Topics

- Aspiration
- Devotion
- Praise/Adoration - Of God
- Prayer - Petition

## Stakeholders

- Moore, Geoff (Composer)
- Moore, Geoff (Lyricist)
- Tin Roof Music and Hat Songs, Inc (Copyright Holder)
- Chapman, Steven Curtis (Composer)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1992 by Sparrow Song, Starstruck Music. (Admin. by Capital CMG Publishing). All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #903151
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

