# 20152 - ALMIGHTY GOD BEYOND THE VEIL

## Notation

Fm - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

In ancient times the chosen race Prepared Jehovah's dwelling place. The people feared the voice of Him Who dwelt between the cherubim, the cherubim. But once a year their priest would hail Almighty God beyond the veil.

### Verse 2

Behold, your King! That shameful cry, Was echoed back as "Crucify!" The blood was shed that could atone, The Lamb that was Jehovah's own, Jehovah's own. That darkest hour, His last exhale, Fulfilled God's plan and tore the veil.

### Verse 3

Now we, Jehovah's ransomed race, May enter His Most Holy Place. By faith our prayers ascend to Him Who reigns among the seraphim, We boldly bow, and thus prevail, With God who dwells be-yond the veil.

### Coda

Almighty God beyond the veil. 


## Scriptures

- [Hebrews 6:19](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Hebrews%206%3A19)

## Topics

- Encouragement
- Fellowship - With God

## Stakeholders

- Couchman, C. E. (Composer)
- Hardin, S. J. (Lyricist)
- Hardin, S. J. (Copyright Holder)
- Couchman, C. E. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2003 by S. J. Hardin & C. E. Couchman. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

