# 20160 - MY VOICE SHALL SING TO THEE

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 3+ - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

My voice shall sing to Thee in the morning, O Lord, I wake with thankful praise. My voice shall lift with praise for Thy glory. And in Thy strength I order my day.

### Verse 2

My voice shall sing to Thee in my serving. Each hour I seek to do Thy will. In work, my heart will joy in Thy teaching. In trials, my soul will wait and be still.

### Verse 3

My voice shall sing to Thee in the evening. I gather thoughts in prayer to Thee. Released in trust, content in Thy keeping, My yearning heart secured in Thy peace. 

### Chorus

I shall sing to Thee my sacrifice of praise. I shall sing for loving kindness shown to me. And I shall sing to Thee for Thy goodness, Thy wond'rous pow'r and works of righteousness. And I shall sing for Thy mercy, Thy loving kindness shown to me.


## Scriptures

### Psalm 59:16

- [Psalm 59:16](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2059%3A16)


## Topics

- Affirmation
- Devotion
- Praise/Adoration - Of God
- Singing

## Stakeholders

- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Composer)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Lyricist)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1999 by Glenda Barnhart Schales. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

