# 20163 - THOMAS' SONG

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 4+ - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

 Jesus, you were all to me, Why did You die on Calvary? O Lamb of God, I fail to see How this could be part of the plan. I proudly say with blazon cry: “You are my Lord and my God!”

### Verse 2

They say that You’re alive again, But I saw death and ev- ’ry sin Reach out to claim their darkest win. How could this be part of the plan? If I could only hold Your hand, And touch the scars where nails were driven; I would need to feel Your side where holy flesh by spear was riven. Then I’d believe, only then I’d believe Your cruel death was part of a heavenly plan. 

### Verse 3

 Holy presence, holy face; A vision filling time  and space. Your nearness makes my spirit race. Could this be part of the plan? 

### Verse 4

 I see the wounds  that caused the cry, From heaven, ocean, earth and sky; When people watched their Savior die. Could this be part of the plan? Reaching out to hold Your hand, And touch the scars where nails were driven; Coming near I feel Your side where holy flesh  by spear  was riven. Now I  believe, Jesus, now I believe Your cruel death  was part of a heavenly plan. 

### Coda

I proudly say with brazon cry: You are my Lord and My God.


## Scriptures

### John 20:28

- [John 20:28](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%2020%3A28)


## Topics

- Christ - Deity/Immanuel
- Christ - Kingship/Lordship

## Stakeholders

- Young, Ken (Composer)
- Young, Ken (Lyricist)
- Dayspring Music, LLC (Copyright Holder)
- Hallal Music (Copyright Holder)
- Toddler Tunes Music (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1993 by Dayspring Music, LLC. (a div. of Word Music Group, Inc), Hallal Music, Toddler Tunes Music. (Admin. by LCS Music Group)  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #1222903
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

