# 20169 - HE STILL CAME

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 4+ - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

No palace, no jew'ls, no kingdom to rule, no crown of majesty. No throne and no robe, no silver, no gold, no courts of royalty. Yet the King of kings left heaven to become a lowly man. He left all heaven's glory to fulfill His Father's plan. 

### Verse 2

No fam'ly, no friends to help at the end, no out, no substitute. Much pain and much hurt to give love and worth, He bore our sins and grief. Yet the hope of what He offered so outweighed what must be done. He chose to be my victor and assured my pardon won. 

### Chorus

He still came just for me He still came. Knowing all He would endure, He still came. Disregarding ev'ry cost, from the manger to the cross. He still came just for me, He still came.


## Scriptures

- [Romans 5:8](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans%205%3A8)

## Topics

- Christ - Son Of God/Humanity
- Christ - Suffering

## Stakeholders

- Douglas, Donna (Composer)
- Thum, Pam (Composer)
- Douglas, Donna (Lyricist)
- Thum, Pam (Lyricist)
- Did My Music (Copyright Holder)
- Shepard, Dane K. (Arranger)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1992 by Did My Music. (Admin. by ClearBox Rights, LLC). All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #539020.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

