# 20171 - IN CHRIST ALONE

## Notation

Eb - 3/4 on 2+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

In Christ alone my hope is found; He is my light my strength my song; This cornerstone, this solid ground, Firm through the fiercest drought and storm. What heights of love, what depths of peace, When fears are stilled, when strivings cease! My comforer, my all in all Here in the love of Christ I stand. 

### Verse 2

In Christ alone, Who took on flesh; Fullness of God in helpless Babe! This gift of love and righteousness, Scorned by the ones He came to save. 'Til on that cross as Jesus died, The wrath of God was satisfied; For ev'ry sin on Him was laid Here in the death of Christ I live. 

### Verse 3

There in the ground His body lay, Light of the world by darkness slain; Then bursting forth in glorious day, Up from the grave He rose again! And as He stands in victory, Sin's curse has lost its grip on me; For I am His and He is mine Bought with the precious blood of Christ. 

### Verse 4

No guilt in life, no fear in death This is the pow'r of Christ in me; From life's first cry to final breath, Jesus commands my destiny. No pow'r of hell, no scheme of  man Can ever pluck me from His hand; 'Til He returns or calls me home Here in the pow'r of Christ I'll stand. 


## Scriptures

- [John 1:1,14](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%201%3A1%2C14)

## Topics

- Affirmation
- Christ - Sacrifice

## Stakeholders

- Getty, Keith (Composer)
- Getty, Keith (Lyricist)
- Thankyou Music (Copyright Holder)
- Townend, Stuart (Composer)
- Townend, Stuart (Lyricist)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2002 by Thankyou Music.  (Admin. by Capitol CMG Publishing) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permossion. CCLI Song #3350395.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

