# 20180 - SHINE, JESUS, SHINE

## Notation

A - 4/4 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Lord, the light of Your love is shining In the midst of the darkness shining; Jesus, Light of the world, shine upon us, Set us free by the truth You now bring us. Shine on me, shine on me.

### Verse 2

Lord, I come to Your awesome presence From the shadows into Your radiance; By the blood I may enter Your brightness, Search me, try me, consume all my darkness.  Shine on me, shine on me.

### Verse 3

As we gaze on Your kingly brightness, So our faces display Your likeness; Ever changing from glory to glory, Mirrored here may our lives tell Your story. Shine on me, shine on me.

### Chorus

Shine, Jesus, shine, Fill this land with the Father's glory. Blaze, Spirit, blaze, Set our hearts on fire; Flow, river, flow, Flood the nations with grace and mercy, Send forth Your Word, Lord, and let there be light.


## Scriptures

### John 12:46

- [John 12:46](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%2012%3A46)


## Topics

- Christ - Lamb Of God
- Prayer - Petition
- Sermon Preparation
- Word Of God/Bible

## Stakeholders

- Kendrick, Graham (Composer)
- Kendrick, Graham (Lyricist)
- Make Way Music (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1987 by Make Way Music. (Admin. by Music Services, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song# 20426.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

