# 20181 - ANCIENT WORDS

## Notation

Gb - 3/4 on 2+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Holy words long preserved for our walk in this world; They  resound with God's own heart, O, let the ancient words impart; Words of life, words of hope, give us strength, help us cope; In this world where'er we roam, O, ancient words will guide us home.

### Verse 2

Holy words of our faith handed down to this age, came to us thru sacrifice; O, heed the faithful words of Christ; Holy words long preserved for our walk in this world; They resound with God's own heart; O, let the ancient words impart.

### Chorus

Ancient words, ever true, changing me, and changing you. We have come with open hearts, O let the ancient words impart. Holy words, ever true, changing me, and changing you. We have come with open hearts, O let the ancient words impart

### Coda

Ancient words, ever true, changing me, and changing you. We have come with open hearts,


## Scriptures

- [Romans 15:4](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans%2015%3A4)

## Topics

- Exhortation/Admonition
- Revelation - In Scripture
- Sermon Preparation
- Word Of God/Bible

## Stakeholders

- DeShazo, Lynn (Composer)
- DeShazo, Lynn (Lyricist)
- Integrity's Hosanna! Music (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2001 by Integrity's Hosanna! Music. (Admin. by Capitol CMG Publishing (IMI)). All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #2986399.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

