# 20182 - GRACE ALONE

## Notation

Db - 4/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Ev'ry promise we can make, Ev'ry prayer and step of faith, Ev'ry diff'rence we will make, Is only by His grace. Ev'ry mountain we will climb, Ev'ry ray of hope we shine, Ev'ry blessing left behind, Is only by His grace.

### Verse 2

Ev'ry soul we long to reach, Ev'ry heart we hope to teach, Ev'ry where we share His peace, Is only by His grace. Ev'ry loving word we say, Ev'ry tear we wipe away, Ev'ry sorrow turned to praise,Ev'ry tear we wipe away, Ev'ry sorrow turned to praise, Is only by His grace.

### Chorus

Grace alone, which God supplies, Strength unknown, He will provide, Christ in us our cornerstone, We will go forth in grace alone.


## Scriptures

- [II Corinthians 12:9](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=II%20Corinthians%2012%3A9)

## Topics

- Affirmation
- Grace

## Stakeholders

- Brown, Scott Wesley (Composer)
- Nelson, Jeff (Composer)
- Brown, Scott Wesley (Lyricist)
- Nelson, Diana (Lyricist)
- Universal Music - Brentwood Benson Publishing (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1998 by Universal Music - Brentwood Benson Songs (Admin. by Brentwood Benson Music Publishing Inc.). All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #2335524.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

