# 20190 - ARISE, FOR YOUR SAVIOR HAS COME

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 4+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Arise, arise, for your Savior has come, and the glory of the Lord your God has risen on you. Lift up your voice, give Him praise as you come, for the presence of the Holy One has glorified you.

### Verse 2

Arise, arise, come and worship the King, for Jehovah God has sent His Son of love to save you. Submit your heart and with rev’rence and awe, sing with joy before His Throne for He has glorified you.

### Chorus

O, lift up your eyes, your voice and cry! O, thrill and rejoice, His story tell! For you are His joy, His lasting pride, the Zion of the Holy One of Israel

### Verse 3

Arise, arise, and be rad’ant with hope, for the brightness of His blaze of truth illuminates you. Awake, and learn for all scripture records that forevermore our Mighty God has glorified you.


## Scriptures

### Isaiah 60:1

- [Isaiah 60:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Isaiah%2060%3A1)

### Isaiah 60:19

- [Isaiah 60:19](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Isaiah%2060%3A19)


## Topics

- Exhortation/Admonition
- Opening Songs
- Worship

## Stakeholders

- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Composer)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Lyricist)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1997 by Glenda Barnhart Schales.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission..
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

