# 20191 - WHO AM I

## Notation

C - 4/4 on 3+ - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

O, when I think of how He came so far from glory, Came and dwelt among the lowly such as I. To suffer shame and such disgrace  On Mount Calv'ry take my place;  Then I ask myself this question,  Who am I? 

### Verse 2

When I'm reminded of His words, "I'll leave you never,  If you're true, I'll give you life forever." And O, I wonder what I've have done To deserve God's only Son Fights fight my battles until til they're won. Who who am I? 

### Chorus

Who am I, that a king would bleed and die for? Who am I that He would pray:  "Not my will but, Thine, Lord"? The answer I may never know, The answer I may never know, Why He ever loved me so. But to an old rugged cross He'd go, For who am I?


## Scriptures

- [Hebrews 2:6](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Hebrews%202%3A6)

## Topics

- Humility
- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ
- Testimony

## Stakeholders

- Goodman, Rusty (Composer)
- Goodman, Rusty (Lyricist)
- Playin'TAG Music (Copyright Holder)
- Dennis, Todd (Arranger)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1965. Renewed 1993 by Playin'Tag Music. (Admin by ClearBox Rights, LLC.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song 314727.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

