# 20197 - HERE I AM, LORD

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

 I, the Lord of sea and sky, I have heard My people cry. All who dwell in deepest sin My hand will save. I who made the stars of night, I will make their darkness bright. Who will bear My light to them? Whom shall I send?

### Verse 2

I, the Lord of snow and rain, I have borne My people's pain. I have wept for love of them, They turn away. I will break their hearts of stone, Give them hearts for love alone. I will speak My word to them. Whom shall I send?

### Verse 3

I, the Lord of wind and flame, I will tend the poor and lame. I will set a feast for them, My hand will save. Finest bread I will provide Till their hearts be satisfied. I will give My life to them. Whom shall I send?

### Chorus

Here I am, Lord. Is it I, Lord? I have heard You calling in the night. I will go, Lord, If You lead me. I will hold Your people in my heart.


## Scriptures

### Isaiah 6:8

- [Isaiah 6:8](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Isaiah%206%3A8)


## Topics

- Consecration
- Soul Winning

## Stakeholders

- Schutte, Daniel L. (Composer)
- Schutte, Daniel L. (Lyricist)
- Schutte, Daniel L. (Copyright Holder)
- New Dawn Music (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1981 by Daniel L. Schutte and New Dawn Music.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(Copyrighted hymns not associated with CCLI & hymns of Partnership status)

## Disclaimers

Permission from the copyright owner(s) &/or administrator is required PRIOR to purchasing and downloading (for copying, printing &/or projecting) this hymn.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

