# 20192 - ABOVE ALL

## Notation

Ab - 4/4 on 3d - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Above all powers, above all kings, above all nature and all created things; Above all wisdom and all the ways of man, You were here before the world began. 2. Above all kingdoms, above all thrones, above all wonders the world has ever known;  Above all wealth and treasures of the earth, There's no way to measure what You're worth. 

### Chorus

Crucified, laid behind the stone; You lived to die, rejected and alone; Like a rose trampled on the ground, You took the fall and tho't of me above all. Like a rose trampled on the ground,  You took the fall and tho't of me above all. trampled on the ground, You took the fall and tho't of me above all. trampled on the 


## Scriptures

### Psalm 34:4

- [Psalm 34:4](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2034%3A4)


## Topics

- Christ - Kingship/Lordship
- Christ - Suffering
- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- LeBlanc, Lenny (Composer)
- LeBlanc, Lenny (Lyricist)
- LenSongs Publishing (Copyright Holder)
- Baloche, Paul (Composer)
- Baloche, Paul (Lyricist)
- Integrity's Hosanna! Music (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1999 by Integrity’s Hosanna! Music. (Admin. by Capitol CMG Publishing (IMI)). All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #2672885.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

