# 20204 - A BEAUTIFUL HOME CAN BE MINE

## Notation

G - 3/4 on 3 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Away from God in sin I strayed, My soul was lost and so afraid. I learned the gospel's pow'r to save, To sinful man much hope it gave. By faith I then obeyed God's plan, In Christ I now will take my stand. 

### Verse 2

Yes, God so loved and gave His Son; Christ died for me, a crown was won; By suff'ring death "made sin for me," Redeemed my soul and set me free. I trust His promise so divine, A heav'nly home will sure be mine. 

### Verse 3

Don't bear the burden of your sin, Have faith in Christ, be born again; Let not His death be vain to you, You'll see His face, to Him be true. Obey the Christ who loves you so, A home in heav'n He will bestow. 


## Scriptures

- [I Peter 1:4](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Peter%201%3A4)

## Topics

- Heaven - Eternal Home
- Testimony

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Hartsell, Huey P. (Lyricist)
- Hartsell, Huey P. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2008 by Huey P. Hartsell &  R. J. Stevens.   All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

