# 20208 - MORNING HAS BROKEN

## Notation

Db - 9/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Morn-ing has broken  Like the first morning,  Blackbird has spoken  Like the first bird.  Praise for the singing!  Praise for the morning!  Praise for them, springing  Fresh from the Word! 

### Verse 2

Sweet the rain's new fall Sunlit from heaven,  Like the first dewfall  On the first grass. Praise for the sweetness Of the wet garden, Sprung in completeness Where His feet pass.

### Verse 3

Mine is the sunlight! Mine is the morning Born of the one light Eden saw play! Praise with elation, Praise ev'ry morning, God's recreation  Of the new day!


## Scriptures

### Genesis 1:31

- [Genesis 1:31](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Genesis%201%3A31)


## Topics

- Praise/Adoration - Of God
- Thanksgiving

## Stakeholders

- Bunessan, Macbean's Songs (Composer)
- Farjeon, Eleanor (Lyricist)
- Farjeon, Eleanor (Copyright Holder)
- Harold Ober Associates, Inc. (Copyright Holder)
- Hymns of the Gael (Composer)
- ACU Press, Abilene, TX. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Words © Copyright 1957 by Eleanor Farjeon, Harold Ober Associates, Inc. Music arr. © Copyright 1986. ACU Press, Abilene, TX. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(Copyrighted hymns not associated with CCLI & hymns of Partnership status)

## Disclaimers

Permission from the copyright owner(s) &/or administrator is required PRIOR to purchasing and downloading (for copying, printing &/or projecting) this hymn.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

