# 20206 - YOUR LIFE IS BUT A VAPOR

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 4+ - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Your life is but a vapor that soon vanises away, So take each opportunity to brighten others' days; Be helpful to your neighbor with a smile upon your face, While teaching him the way of truth  God's mercy, love and grace.

### Verse 2

Young Christians, be a blessing to the young and old alike, By walking daily with the Lord, His word, your guiding light. Your frail and older brethren need your constant tender care; With prayers and calls and visits long, what kindness you can share!

### Verse 3

Your life is but a vapor that soon vanishes away; So live for that eternal home and work without delay! You'll rest up there forever in the glory of His Son, To praise His Holy name on  high, and hear Him say "well done." 


## Scriptures

- [James 4:14](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=James%204%3A14)

## Topics

- Brevity Of life
- Exhortation/Admonition
- Work And Service

## Stakeholders

- Coburn, LaNette (Composer)
- Ellis, Barbara (Lyricist)
- Ellis, Barbara (Copyright Holder)
- Coburn, LaNette (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1999 by Barbara Ellis & LaNette Coburn.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

