# 20200 - DON'T YOU WANNA GO TO THAT LAND

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 2 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Don't you wanna go to that Land? Don't you wanna go to that Land? Don't you wanna go to that Land where I'm bound, where I'm bound. to that Land where I'm bound, where I'm bound.

### Verse 2

Nothing but love in that Land. Nothing but love in that Land. Nothing but love in that Land where I'm bound, where I'm bound. in that Land where I'm bound, where I'm bound.

### Verse 3

Nothing but joy in that Land. Nothing but joy in that Land. Nothing but joy in that Land where I'm bound, where I'm bound. in that Land where I'm bound, where I'm bound.

### Verse 4

Nothing but peace in that Land. Nothing but peace in that Land. Nothing but peace in that Land where I'm bound, where I'm bound. in that Land where I'm bound, where I'm bound.

### Verse 5

I've got a Savior in that Land. I've got a Savior in that Land. I've got a Savior in that Land where I'm bound, where I'm bound. in that Land where I'm bound, where I'm bound.


## Scriptures

### Numbers 10:29

- [Numbers 10:29](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Numbers%2010%3A29)


## Topics

- Closing Hymns
- Exhortation/Admonition
- Funeral Selections
- Heaven - Eternal Home

## Stakeholders

- Howard, Alton H. (Composer)
- Traditional (Lyricist)
- Howard, Alton H. (Copyright Holder)
- Sexton, David (Composer)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1993 by Alton H. Howard. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(Copyrighted hymns not associated with CCLI & hymns of Partnership status)

## Disclaimers

Permission from the copyright owner(s) &/or administrator is required PRIOR to purchasing and downloading (for copying, printing &/or projecting) this hymn.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

