# 20212 - AS THE SOUND OF MANY WATERS

## Notation

Eb - 3/4 on 3 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

As the sound of many waters, so Your word, O God, is heard. Through the hills and forests' shadows, in the cattle and the bird. In the streets and busy cities, o'er the skies and waters wide. Ever in all of creation, it will surely still abide.

### Verse 2

As the sound of many waters, came our Savior and our God. He, the lamb in anguish smitten, holds His Father's only Rod. He is risen and ascended, seated at God's own right hand. He's in heaven ruling o'er us, helping us to take our stand. As the sound of many waters, You make known your love so true. As the sound of many waters, we return our praise to you.

### Verse 4

As the sound of many waters, Alleluia! Praise His name! Sing loud shouts of glad Hosannas! Spread abroad His wondrous fame. Preach to men His saving message! Bring the lost into the fold. Alleluia! Christ is reigning! And His glory must be told!

### Verse 3

As the sound of many waters, sweetly stills my troubled soul, So your voice, O God, is calmly helping me to reach my goal. Speaking gently through Your gospel words of comfort and of rest. Bringing me toward home securely, with my Savior and the blest.

### Chorus

As the sound of many waters, You make known your love so true. As the sound of many waters, we return our praise to you.


## Scriptures

- [Revelation 1:15](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%201%3A15)
- [Revelation 19:6](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%2019%3A6)

## Topics

- Affirmation
- Revelation - In Nature
- Revelation - In Scripture

## Stakeholders

- Caldwell, Grant B. (Composer)
- Caldwell, Grant B. (Lyricist)
- Caldwell Publications (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2000 by Caldwell Publicationa. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

