# 20219 - HOW EXCELLENT IS THY NAME

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

How excellent is Thy name, O Lord, how excellent is Thy name. Heaven and earth together proclaim how excellent is Thy name! How excellent is Thy name!  I look into the midnight blue and see the work You've done. Your children raise a perfect praise while enemies hold their tongue. Creation shows Your splendor, Your reigning majesty; and yet I find You take the time to care for one like me! 

### Verse 2

How excellent is Thy name, O Lord, how excellent is Thy name. Heaven and earth together proclaim how excellent is Thy name! How excellent is Thy name! One fine day when the trumpets play and the dead in Christ will rise the rescued few will gather to proclaim You Lord most High! With joyful alleluias the heav-'nly host will sing; ev'ry knee shall bow and tongue tell out: You are the King of kings!

### Coda

How excellent is Thy name, O Lord, how excellent is Thy name. Heaven and earth together proclaim


## Scriptures

### Psalm 8:1,9

- [Psalm 8:1,9](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%208%3A1%2C9)


## Topics

- Name Of Christ
- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- Tunney, R. (Composer)
- Tunney, R. (Lyricist)
- Word Music, LLC. (Copyright Holder)
- Tunney, M. (Composer)
- Tunney, M. (Lyricist)
- Smith, Paul C. (Lyricist)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1985 by Word Music, LLC. Universal Music - Brentwood - Benson Publishing. (Admin. by Brentwood - Benson Publishing, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song # 12554
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

