# 20210 - A FORETASTE OF YOUR REST

## Notation

Eb - 3/4 on 3 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Gracious Father, Friend divine, Consolation of the blessed, You have touched this day of mine With a foretaste of Your rest. Tho' tomorrow care may come, Trial arise, and grief ensue, Now I thank You for the time I have spent in joy with You. 

### Verse 2

Should this hour of rest depart And the joy it brings me, cease, I will bear it in my heart As a promise of Your peace. When I strain beneath new woe Or contend with future sin, From this moment I may know You will bless my life again.

### Verse 3

Father, tho' I cannot see How my path will end below, Still I know You wait for me Where my heart has longed to go. When my body cannot stand, Take my spirit to your breast; With a father's gentle hands, Bear my soul to Sabbath rest.


## Scriptures

- [Hebrews 4:9](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Hebrews%204%3A9)

## Topics

- God - Father
- Prayer - Petition
- Security
- Trials/Burdens

## Stakeholders

- Harber, Matthew L. (Composer)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Lyricist)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright by Matthew W. Bassford & Matt Harber. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

