# 20214 - BE THOU MY VISION

## Notation

Eb - 3/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Be Thou my vision, O Lord of my heart; Blessed Redeemer and Savior Thou art: Thou my best thought, by day or by night, Waking or sleeping, Thy presence my light.

### Verse 2

Be Thou my wisdom, and Thou my true word; I ever with Thee and Thou with me, Lord: Thou my great Father, and I Thy true son, Thou in me dwelling, and I with Thee, one.

### Verse 4

Lord, I come searching for words to express, My adoration of Thy holiness. I am not worthy to look on Thy face, I would be worthless were it not for Thy grace.

### Verse 3

Riches I heed not, nor man's empty praise, Thou my inheritance, now and always: Thou and Thou only, first in 


## Scriptures

### Psalm 73:25

- [Psalm 73:25](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2073%3A25)


## Topics

- Christlikeness/Godly Living
- Devotion
- Prayer - Petition

## Stakeholders

- Byrne, Mary E. (Composer)
- Byrne, Mary E. (Lyricist)
- Shepard, Dane K. (Copyright Holder)
- Hull, Eleanor H. (Composer)
- Hull, Eleanor H. (Lyricist)
- Shepard, Dane K. (Arranger)

## Copyright

Arr. © Copyright 1986 by Dane K. Shepard. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

