# 20214A - BE THOU MY VISION

## Notation

E - 3/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Be Thou my vision, O Lord of my heart; Naught be all else to me, save that Thou art. Thou my best tho't, by day or by night, Waking or sleeping, Thy presence my light.



### Verse 2

 Be Thou my wisdom, and Thou my true word; I ever with Thee and Thou with me, Lord: Thou my great Father,  I Thy true son; Thou in me dwelling, and I with Thee one.

### Verse 3

 Riches I heed not, nor man's empty praise, Thou my inheritance, now and always: Thou and Thou only, first in my heart, High King of heaven, my treasure Thou art.

### Verse 4

 High King of heaven, my victory won, May I reach heaven's joys, O bright heav'n's Sun! Heart of my heart, whatever befall, Still be my vision, O Ruler of all.


## Scriptures

### Psalm 73:25

- [Psalm 73:25](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2073%3A25)


## Topics

- Christlikeness/Godly Living
- Devotion
- Prayer - Petition

## Stakeholders

- Byrne, Mary E. (Composer)
- Byrne, Mary E. (Lyricist)
- Couchman, C. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Hull, Eleanor H. (Composer)
- Hull, Eleanor H. (Lyricist)
- Couchman, C. E. (Arranger)

## Copyright

Arr. © Copyright 2009 by C.E. Couchman. All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

