# 20222 - MY EYES ARE DRY

## Notation

C - 3/4 on 3 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

My eyes are dry, My faith is old, My heart is hard, My pray'rs are cold. And I know how I ought to be, Alive to You and dead to me. What can be done to an old heart like mine? Soften it up with oil and wine. The oil is You, Your spirit of love. Please wash me anew in the wine of Your blood. 

### Verse 2

My songs are cold, my pray'rs are dust; My vision gone. I've lost my trust. But still I know  A What can be done to an old heart like mine? live to You and dead to me. how life should be: Soften it up with oil and wine. The oil is You, Your spirit of love. Please wash me anew in the wine of Your blood. 

### Verse 3

Your grace has covered all my sin, And now Your presence reigns within. I am redeemed! I've been set free! Alive to You and dead to me. Look what You've done to this old heart of mine! Softened it up with oil and wine. The oil is You, Your spirit of love. You've washed me anew in the wine of Your blood. 


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 25:5](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2025%3A5)

## Topics

- Cleansing
- Heart
- Prayer - Petition

## Stakeholders

- Green, Keith (Composer)
- Green, Keith (Lyricist)
- Universal Music - Brentwood Benson Publishing (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1978 by Universal Music - Brentwood Benson Publishing. (Admin. by Brentwood - Benson Publishing, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #10453
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

