# 20226 - A MORNING PRAYER

## Notation

C - 4/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Fa-ther above, I bow at Your feet. I humbly come before Your holy seat. Gracious, O God, and great is Your fame. As day begins, I honor Your name.

### Verse 2

 Give me today one soul I might save. Blessed be the church for which Christ's life He gave. Help me today, to do all Your will. And with Your Spirit all my heart fill. 

### Verse 3

 May I this day have that which I need. Never so much Your word I will not heed. All of my sins, forgive ev 'ry one. May I repent and turn toward the Son.

### Verse 4

Bless those I love, the fam'ly You made. Help us to stand with love which never fades. Our country dear, bless each in his place; This nation strong before Your bright face. Amen!

### Coda

In Jesus' name I pray today! In Jesus' name,


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 5:3](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%205%3A3)

## Topics

- God - Father
- Prayer - Petition

## Stakeholders

- Caldwell, Grant B. (Composer)
- Caldwell, Grant B. (Lyricist)
- Caldwell Publications (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2000 by Caldwell Publications. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

