# 20225 - HOLY REFUGE

## Notation

Eb - 3/4 on 3 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Holy One, O holy One Gracious Lord, Jehovah's Son, Only Master, highest King, Prince of peace, my ev'rything, Lord of mercy, God of care, Willing all Your love to share, How I praise You, thank and bless, Heaven's Sun of righteousness.

### Verse 2

Lord of comfort, truth, and might, Turn my darkness into light; Take away anxiety, May Your peace abide in me. Holy kingdom by Your hand, Refuge for the soul of man, On Yourself, the Rock, secure, It will stand forever sure.

### Verse 3

Lord You keep me day by day, Thru the trials of my way, Helping me to know Your grace, Teaching me Your way to trace. I will meet You one bright day, High above and far away In that haven for the blest, Holy refuge, home of rest!


## Scriptures

- [I Samuel 2:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Samuel%202%3A1)
- [Psalm 46:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2046%3A1)

## Topics

- Heaven - Eternal Home
- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ
- Refuge/Rest

## Stakeholders

- Shepard, Dane K. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Shepard, Dane K. (Lyricist)
- Shepard, Dane K. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2013 Onice Landrum & Dane K. Shepard. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

