# 20231A - BLESSED BE YOUR NAME

## Notation

A - 2/2 on 2 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Blessed be Your name, in a land that is plentiful, where Your streams of abundance flow, Blessed be Your name. Blessed be Your name, when I'm found in the desert place, tho' I walk thru the wilderness, Blessed be Your name. Ev'ry blessing You pour out, I turn back to praise. When the darkness closes in, Lord, still I will say, Blessed be the name of the Lord, Blessed be Your name! Blessed be the name of the Lord,  Blessed be Your glorious name! 

### Verse 2

Blessed be Your name,  when the sun's shining down on me, when the world's "all as it should be,"  Blessed be Your name. Blessed be Your name, on a road marked with suffering, tho' there's pain in the offering, Blessed be Your name. You give and take away, You give and take away; My heart will choose to say, Lord, blessed be Your name.  You name. Blessed be the name of the Lord, Blessed be Your name! Blessed be the name of the Lord, Blessed be Your glorious name! Blessed be the glorious name!


## Scriptures

- [Job 1:21](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Job%201%3A21)

## Topics

- Affirmation
- Praise/Adoration - Of God
- Providence/Care Of God

## Stakeholders

- Redman, Beth (Composer)
- Redman, Beth (Lyricist)
- Thankyou Music (Copyright Holder)
- Redman, Matt (Composer)
- Redman, Matt (Lyricist)
- The Zoe Group (Arranger)
- Cox, Clarissa (Arranger)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2002 by Thankyou Music.  Admin. by Capitol CMG Publishing.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #3798438
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

