# 20232 - A FAITH TO CALL THEIR OWN

## Notation

Db - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

We train our young to know God's word, And teach them as they grow; To search the scriptures day by day For precepts they must know. When know. trials come to test their trials  come to test their faith The truth will stand alone; Their hearts and minds will grow into A faith to call their own. 

### Verse 2

 In coming years the saints mature With Satan they must fight. The law of God will be their guide, and give them strength and might. With might. faith and courage to stand faith and courage to stand fast They hold on one by one. Praise God, for in their youth they gained A faith to call their own.

### Verse 3

As young adults advance in years With knowledge by their side; They teach the young to know their God, For Him to be their Guide.  They Guide. share the wisdom they have share the wisdom they have gained, The way that they have known; So young ones learn to grow and build A faith to call their own. 


## Scriptures

- [Daniel 9:19](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Daniel%209%3A19)

## Topics

- Home/Family
- Teaching

## Stakeholders

- Garrison, Gayle D. (Composer)
- Ellis, Ellen (Lyricist)
- Ellis, Ellen (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)
- Garrison, Gayle D. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2001 by  Ellen Ellis and Gayle Garrison.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

