# 20237 - GOD OF WONDERS

## Notation

A - 4/4 on 2 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Lord of all creation, of water, earth and sky; the heavens are Your tabernacle. Glory to the Lord on high. God of wonders beyond our galaxy: You are holy, holy. The universe declares Your majesty. You are holy, holy. Lord of heaven and earth; Lord of heaven and earth; Lord of heaven and earth;  Lord of heaven and earth; Lord of heaven and earth;  Hallelujah to the Lord of heaven and earth, Hallelujah to the Lord of heaven and earth! Hallelujah to the Lord of heaven and earth! 

### Verse 2

Early in the moring I will celebrate the light; and when I stumble in the darkness, I will tell Your name by night. Precious Lord You reveal Your majesty; You are holy, holy. The universe declares Your majesty. You are holy, holy. Lord of heaven and earth; Lord of heaven and earth; Lord of heaven and earth;  Lord of heaven and earth; Lord of heaven and earth;  Hallelujah to the Lord of heaven and earth, Hallelujah to the Lord of heaven and earth! Hallelujah to the Lord of heaven and earth! 


## Scriptures

### Psalm 111:2

- [Psalm 111:2](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20111%3A2)


## Topics

- God - Creator
- God - Ruler/King
- Praise/Adoration - Of God

## Stakeholders

- Byrd, Marc (Composer)
- Byrd, Marc (Lyricist)
- New Spring/Storm Boy Music (Copyright Holder)
- Hindalong, Steve (Lyricist)
- Hindalong, Steve (Composer)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2000 by Never Say Never Songs. (Admin. by Brentwood-Benson Music Publishing, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI 3118757.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

