# 20241 - GOD'S PROVIDENCE

## Notation

Eb - 6/4 on 6 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Thru all the web of world events, there's woven in God's providence.  He sees the end before the start; then works His plan from ev'ry part.

### Verse 2

 Our finite minds can't understand  the way He rules in ev'ry land. But by the called, 'tis understood; for them He works all things for good.

### Verse 3

Our loving Lord does chasten us; it is by trials we learn to trust. Then humble hearts this praise will swell: our gracious God does all things well.

### Verse 4

Lord, please forgive our doubt and fear; we have Your help when trials are near. Your children are not left alone, but by Your word, You lead them home. 

### Chorus

The Lord is at hand. The Lord is at hand. So worry not, nor doubt His care; Take ev'rything to God in prayer.


## Scriptures

### Philippians 4:5

- [Philippians 4:5](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Philippians%204%3A5)


## Topics

- Closing Hymns
- Encouragement
- Providence/Care Of God

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Hartsell, Huey P. (Lyricist)
- Hartsell, Huey P. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1998 by  Huey P. Hartsell & R. J. Stevens.  All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

