# 20259A - WAYFARING STRANGER

## Notation

C - 4/4 on 3+ - LA

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

I am a poor wayfaring stranger While trav'ling thru this world of woe, Yet there's no sickness, toil nor danger In that bright world to which I go. I'm going there to meet my Father, To dwell with Him, no more to roam. I'm only going over Jordan. I'm only going over home.



### Verse 2

 I know dark clouds will gather 'round me. And tho' my way be rough and steep, Yet golden fields lie out before me, Where weary eyes no more shall weep. I'm going there to see my Savior, To sing His praise forever more.

### Verse 3

I'll soon be free from ev'ry trial, My body rest beneath the sod, I'll drop the cross of selfdenial And fall before almighty God. I'm going there to join my loved ones Gone on before me, one by one. 



### Verse 4

I'm going to wear a crown of glory When I come home to that bright land. I'm going to sing salvation's story Together with that sacred band. I'm going there to live forevert my crown, And casefore the throne.




## Scriptures

### II Corinthians 5:6

- [II Corinthians 5:6](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=II%20Corinthians%205%3A6)


## Topics

- Affirmation
- Funeral Selections
- Eternal Life

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, Jady (Arranger)
- Traditional (Composer)
- Stevens, Jady (Lyricist)
- Stevens, Jady (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Arr. © Copyright 2021 by Jady Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
Copyright Agreement– No License Requirements

## Disclaimers

Copyright Agreement has been made with RJStevensMusic, LLC
No License or Reporting Requirements for copyright compliance
Permission to make a limited number of copies For additional copies contact the copyright owner	
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

