# 20258 - YES, LORD, YES

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

I'll say yes, Lord, yes, to Your will and to Your way, Yes, Lord, yes, I will trust You and obey; When the Spirit speaks to me with my whole heart I'll agree And my answer will be, "Yes, Lord, yes!" Lord, I give You all the glory for all You've given me, You have filled my life until I overflow; All I have is Yours to use in any way You choose, You are Lord of all so how can I say, "No?"

### Verse 2

I'll say yes, Lord, yes, to Your will and to Your way, Yes, Lord, yes, I will trust You and obey; When the Spirit speaks to me with my whole heart I'll agree And my answer will be, "Yes, Lord, yes!" If I never knew the fullness of living in Your will, I would never know how rich my life could be; Lord, my willingness to serve is the least that You deserve, for the blessing You have showered over me. I'll say yes, Lord, yes, to Your will and to Your way, Yes, Lord, yes, I will trust You and obey; When the Spirit speaks to me with my whole heart I'll agree And my answer will be, "Yes, Lord, yes!"


## Scriptures

- [II Corinthians 1:20](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=II%20Corinthians%201%3A20)

## Topics

- Consecration
- Work And Service

## Stakeholders

- Keesecker, Lynn (Composer)
- Keesecker, Lynn (Lyricist)
- Manna Music, Inc. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1983 by  Manna Music, Inc. (Admin. by ClearBox Rights, LLC.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #12224.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

