# 20259 - WAYFARING STRANGER

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 3+ - LA

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

 I am a poor wayfaring stranger while trav'ling thru this world below, There is no sickness, toil or danger in that bright world to which I go. I'm going there to meet my Sav-ior, I'm going there no more to roam; I'm going there to see my Savior, He said He'd meet me when I come; I'm going there to see my Savior, Who went before me long ago; I'm going there to see my Savior, Who shed for me His precious blood; I'm only going over Jordan, I'm only going over home.

### Verse 2

I know dark clouds will gather o'er me, I know my path is rough and steep; But golden fields lie out before me where weary eyes no more shall weep. I'm going there to meet my Sav-ior, I'm going there no more to roam; I'm going there to see my Savior, He said He'd meet me when I come; I'm going there to see my Savior, Who went before me long ago; I'm going there to see my Savior, Who shed for me His precious blood; I'm only going over Jordan, I'm only going over home.

### Verse 3

 I want to sing salvation's story in concert with the bloodwashed band; I want to wear a crown of glory, when I get home to that good land. I'm going there to meet my Sav-ior, I'm going there no more to roam; I'm going there to see my Savior, He said He'd meet me when I come; I'm going there to see my Savior, Who went before me long ago; I'm going there to see my Savior, Who shed for me His precious blood; I'm only going over Jordan, I'm only going over home.

### Verse 4

 I'll soon be free from ev'ry trial, This form will rest beneath the sod; I'll drop the cross of selfdenial and enter in my home with God. I'm going there to meet my Sav-ior, I'm going there no more to roam; I'm going there to see my Savior, He said He'd meet me when I come; I'm going there to see my Savior, Who went before me long ago; I'm going there to see my Savior, Who shed for me His precious blood; I'm only going over Jordan, I'm only going over home.


## Scriptures

### II Corinthians 5:6

- [II Corinthians 5:6](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=II%20Corinthians%205%3A6)


## Topics

- Affirmation
- Funeral Selections
- Heaven - Eternal Home

## Stakeholders

- American Folk Tune (Composer)
- Bever's Christian Songster (Lyricist)
- Public Domain (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Public Domain
(This hymn is free to use)

## Disclaimers

None

