# 20256 - THE BIBLE STANDS

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

 The Bible stands like a rock undaunted 'Mid the raging storms of time; Its pages burn with the truth eternal And they glow with a light divine

### Verse 2

The Bible stands like a mountain soaring Far above the works of man; Its truth by none ever was refuted, And destroy it they never can

### Chorus

The Bible stands! tho' the hills may tumble, It will firmly stand when the earth shall crumble; I will plant my feet! on its firm foundation, For the Bible stands,Yes, the Bible stands! holy BibleThe Bible stands! tho' the hills may tumble, It will firmly stand when the earth shall crumble; I will plant my feet! on its firm foundation, For the Bible stands, Yes, the Bible stands!

### Verse 3

The Bible stands and it will forever, When the world has passed away; By inspiration it has been given, All its precepts I will obey

### Verse 4

The Bible stands ev'ry test we give it, For its Author is divine; By grace alone I expect to live it, And to prove it and make it mine.


## Scriptures

- [I Peter 1:24](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Peter%201%3A24)

## Topics

- Affirmation
- Sermon Preparation
- Word Of God/Bible

## Stakeholders

- Shepard, Dane K. (Composer)
- Lillenas, Haldor (Lyricist)
- Shepard, Dane K. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Music and Arr. © Copyright 2013 by Dane K. Shepard. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

