# 20251 - FILL MY CUP, LORD

## Notation

Bb - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Like the woman at the well I was seeking For things that could not satisfy. And then I heard my Savior speaking: "Draw from my well that never shall run dry!"

### Verse 2

There are millions in this world who are craving The pleasure earthly things afford. But none can match the wond'rous treasure that I find in Jesus Christ, my Lord.

### Chorus

Fill my cup, Lord, I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more, Fill my cup, fill it up and make me whole.

### Verse 3

So, my brother, if the things this world gave you Leave hungers that won't pass away, My blessed Lord will come and help you,  Turn your heart to Him and humbly pray:


## Scriptures

### John 4:14

- [John 4:14](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%204%3A14)


## Topics

- Prayer - Petition
- Testimony

## Stakeholders

- Blanchard, Richard (Composer)
- Blanchard, Richard (Lyricist)
- Blanchard, Richard (Copyright Holder)
- Word Music, LLC. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1959 by Richard Blanchard. 1964 Word Music LLC. (a div. of Word Music Group, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #15964.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

