# 20257 - WONDERFUL, MERCIFUL SAVIOR

## Notation

D - 3/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Wonderful, merciful merciful Savior,  precious Redeemer and Friend.  Who would have thought that a Lamb could rescue the souls of men? O, You rescued the souls of men. rescued the souls of men. 

### Verse 2

Counselor, Comforter, Comforter, Keeper, Spirit we long to embrace, You offer hope when our hearts have hopelessly lost our way.  O, we've hopelesly lost our way. 

### Verse 3

Almighty, infinite infinite Father, faithful in loving Your own.  Here in our weakness You find us falling before Your throne. O, we're falling before Your throne

### Chorus

You are the One that we praise!  the One that we praise!  You are praise!  You are the One You are the One that we praise!  You are the One we adore!  You give the healing and grace our hearts always hunger for, O, our hearts always hunger for.


## Scriptures

- [Isaiah 9:6](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Isaiah%209%3A6)

## Topics

- Affirmation
- God - Godhead
- Praise/Adoration - Of God

## Stakeholders

- Rodgers, Dawn (Composer)
- Rodgers, Dawn (Lyricist)
- Word Music/Dayspring Music (Copyright Holder)
- Wyse, Eric (Composer)
- Wyse, Eric (Lyricist)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1989 Dayspring Music (a div. Of Word Music Group, Inc.). All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #106879.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

