# 20266 - THE POWER OF THE CROSS

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

O to see the dawn of the darkest day, Christ on the road to Calvary; Tried by sinful men, torn and beaten then Nailed to a cross of wood. This the pow'r of the cross: Christ became sin for us, Took the blame, bore the wrath; We stand forgiven at the cross. 

### Verse 2

O to see the pain written on Your face, Bearing the awesome weight of sin; Ev'ry bitter tho't, ev'ry evil deed Crowning Your bloodstained brow. This the pow'r of the cross: Christ became sin for us, Took the blame, bore the wrath; We stand forgiven at the cross. 

### Verse 3

Now the daylight flees, now the ground beneath Quakes as its maker bows His head; Curtain torn in two, dead are raised to life, "Finished!" the vict'ry cry. This the pow'r of the cross: Christ became sin for us, Took the blame, bore the wrath; We stand forgiven at the cross. 

### Verse 4

O to see my name written in the wounds, For thru Your suff'ring I am free; Death is crushed to death, life is mine to live, Won thru Your selfless love! This the pow'r of the cross:  Son of God slain for us; What a life, what a cost!  We stand forgiven at the cross. 


## Scriptures

### I Peter 2:24

- [I Peter 2:24](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Peter%202%3A24)


## Topics

- Christ - Crucifixion/Death

## Stakeholders

- Getty, Keith (Composer)
- Getty, Keith (Lyricist)
- Thankyou Music (Copyright Holder)
- Townend, Stuart (Lyricist)
- Shepard, Dane K. (Arranger)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2005 by Thankyou Music. (Adm. by Capitol CMG Publishing). All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #4490766.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

