# 20277 - THE MOUNTAIN SONG

## Notation

Eb - 2/4 on 2+ - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

O Lord, I need a mountain to climb on; Just a quiet place to go  and know You’re there.  O Lord, I need to spend some time with You; Spend the night with You, dear Lord, in prayer. And the greatest Friend  you’ll ever find  is on a lonely mountain.  And the highest high  you’ll ever feel  is when you kneel  to pray. And the brightest light  you’ll ever see  is when you close your eyes. O Lord, You are my first love;  at last I realize. O Lord, You are my first love; at last I realize.     

### Verse 2

O Lord, I tho't the day  would never dawn,  When I’d lay my burdens down  and walk with You;  But this morning as I met  the rising sun; I felt, dear Lord, my dreams  had all come true.  And the greatest Friend  you’ll ever find  is on a lonely mountain.  And the highest high  you’ll ever feel  is when you kneel  to pray. And the brightest light  you’ll ever see  is when you close your eyes. O Lord, You are my first love;  at last I realize. O Lord, You are my first love; at last I realize.      


## Scriptures

### Luke 6:12

- [Luke 6:12](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Luke%206%3A12)


## Topics

- Fellowship - With Christ
- Prayer - Exhortation
- Prayer - Petition

## Stakeholders

- Carson, Roger (Composer)
- Carson, Roger (Lyricist)
- Kingsmen Publishing Co. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1972 by Kingsmen Publishing Co. (Admin. by Brentwood-Benson Music Publishing, Inc.). All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #85969.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

