# 20273 - SHOUT TO THE LORD

## Notation

Bb - 4/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

My Jesus, my Savior, Lord, there is none like You. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of Your mighty love. never cease to worship You. Shout to the Lord all the earth, let us sing power and majesty, praise to the King! Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of Your name. I sing for joy at the work of Your hand, forever I'll love You, forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in You. My comfort, my shelter, tower of refuge and strength. Let ev'ry breath, all that I am, the wonders of Your mighty love. never cease to worship You. Shout to the Lord all the earth, let us sing power and majesty, praise to the King! Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of Your name. I sing for joy at the work of Your hand, forever I'll love You, forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in You.


## Scriptures

### Psalm 66:1

- [Psalm 66:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2066%3A1)


## Topics

- Exhortation/Admonition
- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ
- Worship

## Stakeholders

- Zschech, Darlene (Composer)
- Zschech, Darlene (Lyricist)
- Wondrous Worship (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1993 by Wondrous Worship. (Admin. by Music Services, Inc.). All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #1406918.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

