# 20275A - DAYS OF ELIJAH

## Notation

Ab - 4/4 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

These are the days of Elijah declaring the Word of the the Lord; And these are the days of Your servant Moses, righteousness being restored. And tho' these are days of great trials,  of famine and darkness and sword;  Still we are the voice in the desert crying, "Prepare ye the way of the Lord."  Behold, He comes riding on the clouds, shining like the sun at the trumpet call. So lift your voice, it's the year of Jubilee, and out of Zion's Hill salvation comes.

### Verse 2

These are the days of Ezekiel, the dry bones becoming as as flesh; And these are the days of Your servant David, rebuilding a temple of praise.  And these are the days of the harvest,  the fields are as white in Your world, and we are the laborers in Your vineyard declaring the Word of the Lord. Behold, He comes riding on the clouds, shining like the sun at the trumpet call. So lift your voice, it's the year of Jubilee, and out of Zion's Hill salvation comes.

### Coda

There's no God like Jehovah Behold, He comes riding on the clouds, shining like the sun at the trumpet call. So lift your voice, it's Behold, He comes riding on the clouds, shining like the sun at the trumpet call. So lift your voice, it's the year of Jubilee, and out of Zion's Hill salvation  Who was and Who is and Who is to come! Who was and Who is and Who is to come! Who was and Who is, and Who is to come! Who was and Who is, and Who is to come!


## Scriptures

### Revelation 1:7

- [Revelation 1:7](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%201%3A7)


## Topics

- Affirmation
- Exhortation/Admonition
- Soul Winning

## Stakeholders

- Mark, Robin (Composer)
- Mark, Robin (Lyricist)
- Daybreak Music (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1996 by Song Solutions Daybreak Music. (Admin. by Music Servises, Inc.). All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #1537904.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

