# 20289 - BY FAITH AND NOT BY SIGHT

## Notation

C - 3/4 on 3+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

I do not ask to walk by sight, I only need to grasp The grasp The wounded hand of Christ my Lord, And feel His loving clasp. Altho' my eyes may darken’d be, Altho' my eyes may darken’d be, I’ll walk by faith, I’ll walk by faith, I will not ask to see, And then, altho' my eyes may darken’d be, I’ll walk by faith, I will not ask to see.

### Verse 2

I do not ask for constant joy In raptures strong and deep; I deep; I only ask to realize, his pow’r to save and keep. To rest upon His blessed pow’r, To rest upon His pow’r, and might, And then I’ll walk, I’ll walk by faith, By faith and not by sight; To rest upon His blessed pow’r and might, And thus I’ll walk by faith and not by sight. 

### Verse 3

I do not ask to see the path O’er which my feet must go, My go, My Guide has pass’d this way before, And well the way doth know. I fully trust His love to lead, I trust His love to lead me right, I’ll fol-low Him, I’ll follow Him, By faith and not by sight, I fully trust His love to lead me right, I’ll follow Him by faith and not by sight. 

### Verse 4

I do not ask what glories bright, Wait up in heav’n for me; But me; But this I’m told, my King in all His beauty I shall see. For in that home above so pure, That home above so pure and bright, Love shall be crown’d, love shall be crown’d, And faith be chang’d to sight, For in that home above so pure and bight, Love shall be crown’d, and faith be chang’d to sight. 


## Scriptures

- [II Corinthians 5:7](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=II%20Corinthians%205%3A7)

## Topics

- Consecration
- Faithfulness/Loyalty - Of Believer
- Walking With God

## Stakeholders

- Gabriel, Charles H. (Composer)
- Gabriel, Charles H. (Lyricist)
- Public Domain (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Puiblic Domain
(This hymn is free to use)

## Disclaimers

None

