# 20282 - A NEW ANOINTING

## Notation

A - 4/4 on 2 - LA

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

This is the age of a new anointing. This is the age of the Lord's outpouring, that the sons and daughters of the King of glory may arise and shine, that the sons and daughters of the King of glory may arise and shine shine as we declare: 

### Verse 2

In the beginning God created, and for His pleasure all creation sings. Ev'ry son and daughter of the King of glory now arise and shine. Ev'ry son and daughter of the King of glory now arise and shine shine as we declare:

### Coda

Let Your glory fill the earth, King of glory fill the earth as we declare. This is the day, this is the day, this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice, I will rejoice, I will rejoice and be glad in it. This is the day, this is the day, this is the day  that the Lord has made!


## Scriptures

### Acts 2:16

- [Acts 2:16](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Acts%202%3A16)


## Topics

- Joy/Rejoicing
- Praise/Adoration - Of God

## Stakeholders

- Still, Rob (Composer)
- Still, Rob (Lyricist)
- Rob Still Music (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2002 Rob Still Music, Worship Together Music (Admin. by Capitol CMG Publishing). All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song # 3537565.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

