# 20299 - BE WITH US, GOD

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Be with us, God, thru ev'ry passing day; Guide Thou our footsteps all along the way; Help us to say "Thy will, not ours be done;" Thruout this life, with Thee may we be one.

### Verse 2

Be with us, Christ, when sorrows dim our eyes; Focus our tho'ts upon th'eternal prize; Grant us the peace that Thou alone canst give; And in Thy presence may we ever live.

### Verse 3

Be with us, Spirit, dwell within our hearts; Strengthen our faith for Satan's fiery darts; Fill Thou our minds with courage and with love, That we might praise Thee with the saints above.

### Verse 4

 Be with us, Lord, in our last trying hour; Lead us thru death by Thine almight-y pow'r; Then take us home to Heaven's shining coast; Be with us, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost.


## Scriptures

### I Kings 8:57

- [I Kings 8:57](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Kings%208%3A57)


## Topics

- Closing Hymns
- Consecration
- God - Presence
- Prayer - Petition

## Stakeholders

- Walker, Wayne S. (Composer)
- Walker, Wayne S. (Lyricist)
- Walker, Wayne S. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1999 by Wayne S. Walker. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

