# 20293 - GLORY YET UNTOLD

## Notation

Db - 6/4 on 6 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Beyond the stars and farther plains Of all that nature holds, There Glory dwells and Glory reigns With glory yet untold. And soon will come my "Glory Day,"  When God will call my soul away, Forever in His arms to stay, The arms I never leave!

### Verse 2

And somewhere there, a spirit crowd Is circled 'round a King; They shout a hymn so high and loud; How could I ever sing? O God, my Father, can it be? The angels long to sing with me? In anthems of eternity! The song I never leave!

### Verse 3

Behold the sinless Son of Light Who left His home above, And wandered thru our world of night To brighten us with love. For me, He raised a lamp of grace, To light the footpath I would trace, That leads me to His loving face, Where I will never leave!


## Scriptures

### John 8:51

- [John 8:51](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%208%3A51)


## Topics

- Affirmation
- Aspiration
- Eternal Life
- Funeral Selections

## Stakeholders

- Hersey, Kelly R. (Composer)
- Hersey, Kelly R. (Lyricist)
- Hersey, Jo (Copyright Holder)
- Roberts, Craig A. (Lyricist)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1995 by Jo L. Hersey. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

