# 20298 - BE THOU FAITHFUL UNTO DEATH

## Notation

Eb - 3/4 on 3 - LA

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

A crown of life is waiting for the faithful and true; A reminder that the Lord only says just what He'll do. The jewels of that kingdom  outshine the brightest day. No more sorrow, pain, or death. The former things are passed away.

### Verse 2

To him that overcometh, a white robe there a robe of white awaits; Cleansed in His precious blood, an adornment for the saints. We'll gather 'round the great throne and to Him praises sing, For He's kept His promises, He's made us prophets, priests and kings. 

### Chorus

In that City up above the streets with gold are laid. We'll live forever more in the mansions that He's made. 


## Scriptures

### Revelation 2:10

- [Revelation 2:10](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%202%3A10)


## Topics

- Exhortation/Admonition
- Faithfulness/Loyalty - Of Believer
- Funeral Selections
- Heaven - Reward/Crown

## Stakeholders

- Gary, Bonnie L. (Composer)
- Gary, Bonnie L. (Lyricist)
- Gary, Bonnie L. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1998 by Bonnie L. Gary. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

