# 20295 - O GOD OF GOD! O LIGHT OF LIGHT!

## Notation

Em - 3/4 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

O God of God! O Light of Light! Thou Prince of Peace, Thou King of kings, To Thee where angels know no night, The song of praise forever rings: To Him who sits upon the throne, The Lamb once slain for sinful men, Be honor, might; all by Him won; Glory and praise! Amen, Amen! 

### Verse 2

Deep in the prophet's sa-cred page, Grand in the Spiritgiven word, Slowly in type, from age to age, Nations beheld their coming Lord; Till thro' the deep Judean night Rang out the song, "Good will to men! "Hymned by the firstborn sons of light, Reechoed now, "Good will!" Amen!

### Verse 4

Sing to the Lord a glorious song, Sing to His name, His love forth tell; Sing, heaven's hosts, His praise prolong; Sing, ye who now on earth do dwell; O worthy Lamb for sinners slain, From angels, praise; and thanks from men; O worthy Lamb, enthroned to reign, Glory and pow'r! Amen, Amen!

### Verse 3

That life of truth, those deeds of love, That death of pain, 'mid hate and scorn; These all are past, and now above, He reigns our King! once crowned with thorns. "Lift up your heads, ye heav'nly gates;" So sang His hosts, unheard by men; "Lift up your heads, for you He waits." "We lift them up! Amen, Amen!"

### Coda

Glory and pow'r! Amen, Amen!


## Scriptures

- [I Timothy 6:15](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Timothy%206%3A15)

## Topics

- Christ - Kingship/Lordship
- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- Shepard, Dane K. (Composer)
- Julian, John (Lyricist)
- Shepard, Dane K. (Copyright Holder)
- Shepard, Dane K. (Lyricist)

## Copyright

Music © Copyright 2001 by Dane K. Shepard, All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

