# 20302 - CLOUD OF GLADNESS

## Notation

Db - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

There are clouds that come in springtime Bringing showers fresh and clean; Making flowers show their beauty, Making ev'ry meadow green. There are stormclouds dark and angry, Often making man afraid; Other clouds seem but to tell me, "Rest you here within my shade." 

### Verse 2

There are clouds that reach the heavens, Far away out in the west; Standing high in flaming slendor While the sun lies down to rest. Clouds aglow so oft have shown me Golden paths that span the sea; Are they like the path that leads me When my Savior calls for me?

### Verse 3

No, but there's a cloud up yonder, Cloud like none that man has known, One to bear my Savior downward When He comes to take me home; Then I'll bend my knee with others, And my soul will surely cry,  "Cloud of Gladness, Awesome Shadow!" Shade me some day by and by. 


## Scriptures

### Revelation 1:7

- [Revelation 1:7](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%201%3A7)


## Topics

- Christ - Second Coming
- Exhortation/Admonition

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2002 by  O. E. Landrum & R. J. Stevens.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

