# 20308 - HIS LOVING HAND

## Notation

Eb - 6/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Tho' we believe, we sometimes doubt what God has bro't to be. We think His gifts can only come in forms that we can see. Yet God brings good from evil too, in ways no man can tell. Shall we accept all joy from Him, and not some grief as well?

### Verse 2

God has not promised us a walk in which all trials must cease. Nor has He offered us a life of ease and tho'tless peace. He knows our frame, and teaches us in calmness and distress; He disciplines us for our good, to share His holiness.

### Verse 3

Tho' gifts of happiness from God are what our prayers request, We need His discipline as well to enter in His rest. And thus, we should not doubt His ways nor question what He's planned, For times of joy and grief may be both from His loving Hand.


## Scriptures

- [Job 2:10](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Job%202%3A10)

## Topics

- Encouragement
- Love - Of God
- Providence/Care Of God

## Stakeholders

- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Composer)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Lyricist)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2001 by Glenda Barnhart Schales. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

