# 20317 - KEEP WATCH

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Jesus’ soul was deeply grieved to the point of death, “Keep watch, keep watch with me.” “For the spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak,” “So remain here, and keep the watch with me.” 

### Verse 2

O my soul, when deeply tried, when I'm very weak, “Keep watch, keep watch with me.” When temptation comes upon me, and I must not sin, Brother, pray now and keep the watch with me. 

### Verse 3

May You strengthen me, my God, may You lift my heart. Keep watch, keep watch with me. I will stay alert, praying that, “Thy will be done,” Father, stay here, and keep the watch with me. 

### Chorus

Keep watch, keep watch, so that you may not be tempted and sin against the Father. Keep watch, keep watch, for the spirit is willing but the flesh is weak. 


## Scriptures

### Matthew 26:38

- [Matthew 26:38](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%2026%3A38)


## Topics

- Exhortation/Admonition
- Temptation

## Stakeholders

- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Composer)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Lyricist)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2005 by  Glenda Barnhart Schales.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

