# 20314 - A PLACE OVER YONDER

## Notation

G - 3/4 on 3 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

 There's a place over yonder, Where angels are singing, Where souls in attendance, Not e'er shall be old; For its Heaven, sweet Heaven, And it's just for God's  people, And the glory they're sharing, Will ever unfold. 

### Verse 2

We'll be shouting O Glory, O Glory divine, And we'll cry alleluia, This Glory is mine, Yes, it's for my receiving, And how soon it may be, And it's just past my Jordan, And home o'er the sea. 

### Verse 3

And I feel that it's nearness Is just past the river, And it makes me to quiver, Somewhere deep within; And it causes a feeling, I shall ever remember, That my Lord will forgive me, Forgive ev'ry sin. 


## Scriptures

- [Revelation 15:3](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%2015%3A3)

## Topics

- Encouragement
- Funeral Selections
- Heaven - Eternal Home

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2009 by O. E. Landrum & R. J. Stevens.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

