# 20321 - A PLACE IN THY FOLD

## Notation

G - 3/4 on 3 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Along gentle pathways of righteousness follow, My spirit and oft' to my Savior I sing. To me hath He spoken, I hear and I answer, Where will I find gladness but there 'neath His wings.

### Verse 2

And why O my Father, why have You so loved me, And how could my soul e'er be worth aught to Thee. And why will I ask? Is it not past perceiving, 'Tis well enough knowing my Lord died for me.

### Verse 3

O solace my own and a a balm for my spirit, Thou blest Rock of ages, Thou shield of my soul.  O love never fading, O joy never ending, And place with Thy children, a place in Thy fold.

### Verse 4

I love the still waters of life You've provided, Where solace prevails oft' as sorrows appear. I love the quiet path where life truly is blooming, Where Jesus seems ever to be oh so near. 


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 23:3](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2023%3A3)

## Topics

- God - Presence
- Providence/Care Of God

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2000 by O. E. Landrum & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

