# 20322 - MAY THIS MY GLORY BE

## Notation

C - 6/4 on 6 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Jesus, and shall it ever be,  A mortal man ashamed of Thee? Ashamed of Thee,  Whom angels praise, Whose glories shine thru endless days? 

### Verse 2

Ashamed of Jesus! sooner far Let ev'ning blush to own a star; He sheds the beams of light divine O'er this benighted soul of mine.

### Verse 3

Ashamed of Jesus! yes, I may, When I've no guilt to wash away; No tears to wipe, no good to crave, no fears to quell, no soul to save.

### Verse 4

Till then, nor is my boasting vain,  Till then I boast a Savior slain; And O, may this my glory be, That Christ is not ashamed of me.

### Chorus

And O, may this my glory be, My glory be, my glory be, That Christ is not ashamed of me, Is not ashamed of me.


## Scriptures

### I John 2:28

- [I John 2:28](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20John%202%3A28)


## Topics

- Aspiration
- Consecration

## Stakeholders

- Grigg, Joseph (Composer)
- Grigg, Joseph (Lyricist)
- Teddlie, Tillit S. (Copyright Holder)
- Teddlie, Tillit S. (Arranger)

## Copyright

Arr. © Copyright 1972 by Tillit S. Teddlie.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(Copyrighted hymns not associated with CCLI & hymns of Partnership status)

## Disclaimers

Permission from the copyright owner(s) &/or administrator is required PRIOR to purchasing and downloading (for copying, printing &/or projecting) this hymn.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

