# 20323 - A GLORIOUS GIFT

## Notation

Db - 3/4 on 3 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

A blessing so grand from our God unto man, So that we may be granted a child. Such a glorious plan You have given to man; Bring-ing love that's so wondrously mild.

### Verse 2

A blessing so grand from our God unto man, So that we may be granted a child. Such a glorious plan You have given to man; Bringing love that's so wondrously mild.

### Verse 3

The gift of our children won't last here for e'er; But entrusted to us for our care care. Yes, to keep and to mold and to hold for awhile, What great blessings Jehovah doth share. 

### Verse 4

We'll mind how we mold; let Your will take control; Precious children allowed to our trust. They belong  unto You, Holy Father above, And  You now only share  them with us.


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 127:3](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20127%3A3)

## Topics

- Providence/Care Of God

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1993 by O. E. Landrum and R. J. Stevens.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

