# 20331 - LORD, HAVE MERCY

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Jesus I've forgotten Words that You have spoken, promises that burned within my heart have now grown dim. With a doubting heart I followed paths of earthly wisdom. Forgive me for my unbelief renew the fire again.

### Verse 2

I have built an altar  where I worship things of man. I have  taken journeys that have drawn me far from You. Now I am returning lowed Your mercies ever flowing. Pardon my transgressions; help me love You again. 

### Verse 3

I have longed  to know You and all Your tender mercies, Like a river of forgiveness ever flowing without end. So I bow my heart before You, in the goodness of Your presence, Your grace forever shining like a beacon in the night.

### Chorus

Lord, have mercy, Christ have mercy, Lord have mercy on me. Lord, have mercy, Christ have mercy, Lord have mercy on me.


## Scriptures

### Luke 15:18

- [Luke 15:18](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Luke%2015%3A18)


## Topics

- Confession
- Mercy
- Prayer - Petition

## Stakeholders

- Merkel, Steve (Composer)
- Merkel, Steve (Lyricist)
- Integrity's Hosanna! Music (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2000 Integrity's Hosanna! Music. (Admin. by Capitol CMG Publishing (IMI)). All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #2989578.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

