# 20339 - MY NAME IS THERE

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

My name is in the book of life, There in the sacred page, Of servants who have known my Lord Now and thru ev'ry age. It is written by the hand of God, The one that touched my soul. (my very soul.) The hand that gave the sacrifice, Of blood that made me whole.

### Verse 2

Tho' I may walk the lowly way, In meekness of my soul. By faith in Jesus day by day, I see His grace unfold. And somewhere in the scroll of life, Tho' faded, old and dim.  My name is there, I know, I know, For I believe in Him. 

### Verse 3

How oft have I in solemn tho't, Remembered my disgrace. Has evil won on ev'ry turn, Will Jesus know my face? But I shall labor on and trust My Lord to hear my plea. Assured that when He  comes again, He'll come for even me. 


## Scriptures

### Luke 10:20

- [Luke 10:20](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Luke%2010%3A20)


## Topics

- Assurance
- Affirmation

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1999 by O. E. Landrum & R. J. Stevens.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

