# 20335 - A SONG WITHOUT END

## Notation

C - 6/8 on 8 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

More vivid than ever, it flows with the years, So oft' has it quietened my heart of its fears, And sweet is the psalm in my soul that it lends, To sing of His greatness a song without end. I love that old story, the star of my soul, So much more I love it as time o'er me rolls; A crown and a cross and the blood that He shed, The crown was of thorns that they placed on His head.

### Verse 2

They killed the Messiah, the story is true, In anguish He suffered for me and for you. He called to the Father, forgive them I pray, Forgive them O Father, they know not Your way. They knew not the Savior nor why Jesus came, They knew but to curse and to mock and to maim. Their souls knew but madness, their hearts could not see,  For they were just sinners, like you and like me.  

### Verse 3

I love that old story so oft as it's told, I'd hear of the stone that the angel hath rolled, I'd hear of a raiment no spirit could wear, The raiment my Jesus had left lying there. I'd hear the same words that the angel hath said,  Go tell the disciples their Lord is not dead. Yes, these are the words that I scarce can contain,  For joy of just knowing, He's coming again. 


## Scriptures

- [Galatians 2:20](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Galatians%202%3A20)

## Topics

- Christ - Suffering
- Testimony

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1998 by O. E. Landrum & R. J. Stevens.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

