# 20333 - 10,000 REASONS

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 3 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Bless the Lord, O my soul, O my soul, worship His holy name. Sing like never before, O my soul, I'll worship Your holy name. The sun comes up, it's a new day dawning. it's time to sing Your song again. Whatever may pass and whatever lies before me, let me be singing when the evening comes. 

### Verse 2

Bless the Lord, O my soul, O my soul, worship His holy name. Sing like never before, O my soul, I'll worship Your holy name. You're rich in love and you're slow to anger, Your name is great and Your heart is kind. For all Your goodness I will keep on singing ten thousand reasons for my heart to find.

### Verse 3

Bless the Lord, O my soul, O my soul, worship His holy name. Sing like never before, O my soul, I'll worship Your holy name. And on that day when my strength is failing, the end draws near and my time has come, still my soul will sing Your praise unending ten thousand years and then forever more. 


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 103:2](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20103%3A2)

## Topics

- Praise/Adoration - Of God
- Singing
- Worship

## Stakeholders

- Myrin, Jonas (Composer)
- Myrin, Jonas (Lyricist)
- Thankyou Music (Copyright Holder)
- Said & Done Music (Copyright Holder)
- Redman, Matt (Composer)
- Gill, Randy (Arranger)
- Sixsteps Music, Shout! (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2011 by Thankyou Music, Said & Done Music, Sixsteps Music, Shout Music, (Admin. by Capitol CMG Publishing). All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song # 6016351.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

