# 20330 - KNOWING YOU

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

All I once held dear, built my life upon; all this world reveres, and wars to own. All I once thought gain I have counted loss; spent and worthless now compared to this. Knowing You, Jesus, knowing You, there is no greater thing. You're my all, You're the best, You're my joy, my righteousness. And I love You, Lord. 

### Verse 2

Now my heart's desire is to know You more. To be found in You, and known as Yours. To possess by faith what I could not earn, all surpassing gift of righteousness. Knowing You, Jesus, knowing You, there is no greater thing. You're my all, You're the best, You're my joy, my righteousness. And I love You, Lord. 

### Verse 3

O to know the pow'r of Your risen life, and to know You in Your sufferings. To become like You in Your death, my Lord, so with You to live and never die. Knowing You, Jesus, knowing You, there is no greater thing. You're my all, You're the best, You're my joy, my righteousness. And I love You, Lord. And I love You, Lord. And I love You, Lord.


## Scriptures

- [Ephesians 3:19](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Ephesians%203%3A19)

## Topics

- Aspiration
- Fellowship - With Christ
- Love - For Christ

## Stakeholders

- Kendrick, Graham (Composer)
- Kendrick, Graham (Lyricist)
- Make Way Music (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1993 Make Way Music, Ltd. (Admin. by Music Services, Inc.). All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #1045238
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

