# 20337 - MY KEEPER

## Notation

Eb - 3/4 on 3 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

The Lord is my keeper by night and by day. He'll always be near me, if I never stray. His strong arm will lift me from cold miry clay, Then hold me so gently along the rough way.

### Verse 2

To prove His love for me, He gave His own Son; And now thru this Savior a new life's begun. In the strait and the narrow, my course I shall run, With hope I'll endure till my life crown is won. 

### Verse 3

With power He gives, I can battle the foes, And follow His leading wherever He goes. I'll have true contentment and blissful repose, For I'll live in heaven when this life is closed.

### Verse 4

As I live in His way and do trust His great might, I pray  for His guidance to show me the light. When I cross over Jordan, I'll wear robes pure white, And joyfully sing for I've finished my fight.


## Scriptures

- [Matthew 28:20](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%2028%3A20)

## Topics

- Affirmation
- Encouragement
- Providence/Care Of God

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Barksdale, Cheryl (Lyricist)
- Barksdale, Cheryl (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1992 by Cheryl Barksdale & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

