# 20345 - YES, YOU ARE THERE

## Notation

Ab - 6/8 on 6 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

If we could see among us, Lord, Your face on Lord's day morn, Perhaps we'd see within Your palms, The scars You long hath worn; And trust when You doth hear us sing, With voices blended true, You'd know, O Lord, You'd know for sure, That we believe in You.

### Verse 2

Yes, we believe that You are there, Each time we show our face. Each time we go into Your house, We feel that wondrous grace. It's not to see but with our minds, but that doth certify,  That you are there, O yes, You're there, You hear us when we cry. 

### Verse 3

And we're ashamed for lack of aim, To fill an empty pew; For being lax in certain acts, Like bringing souls to You. Show us, O Lord, how to believe, We need it evry day;  And say once more, "It was Your blood, That made our sins go 'way." 


## Scriptures

### Matthew 18:20

- [Matthew 18:20](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%2018%3A20)


## Topics

- Faith/ Believe
- Faithfulness/Loyalty - Of Believer
- God - Presence

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2009 by O. E. Landrum & R. J. Stevens.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

