# 20355 - THERE'S A LIGHT SHINING

## Notation

G - 6/8 on 6 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

 There's a light 'long the pathway, it's guiding me home, Leading to that eternal day; And it beckons me on when the pathway seems dark, There's a light that is shining for me.

### Verse 2

When the way seems so heavy, the burdens to bear, There's a light that is shining for me; Then I think of my Savior on Calvary there, There's a light that is shining for me.

### Verse 3

I am happy today and I'm nearer my home, There's a light that is shining for me; Just  over the way is the mansion above, There's a light that is shining for me.

### Chorus

There's a light guiding me thru the darkness of midnight, 'Til the morning I see there's a light guiding me; He is guiding me home, there the harbor I see, 'Til I'm safe in the fold, there's a light guiding me. 


## Scriptures

- [Proverbs 4:18](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Proverbs%204%3A18)

## Topics

- Affirmation
- Christ - Guide/Leader
- Christ - Light

## Stakeholders

- Howard, Alton H. (Composer)
- Howard, Alton H. (Lyricist)
- Alton H. Howard/BM (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1973 by Alton H. Howard. (Admin. by Howard Assets, LLC). All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song # 363007.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

