# 20358 - ON AND ON WE WALK TOGETHER

## Notation

Db - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

My Savior daily walks with me Because I trust His love, In all that's best His hand I see, It points to heavn' above; I will follow Him thru shadows dim or in the sunshine bright, And on we walk together, Leads my steps aright. 

### Verse 2

My Savior holds my hand each day And tells me not to fear, When tempted, to Him I must pray, For He is always near; On the gospel road He'll share my load, Sin can't my soul affright,  and He   

### Chorus

On we walk together, Christ is by my side, Fear no stormy weather, For He is a faithful guide; You can't find another, Waves obey His will, Speaks to you, my brother Come and hear His "Peace be still".

### Verse 3

Upon my blessed Lord I lean, My all to Him confide, No more the shadows come between, I'm walking by His side; In true faith will I on Him rely, He makes my burdens light,


## Scriptures

- [Hebrews 12:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Hebrews%2012%3A1)

## Topics

- Christ - Friend/Helper
- Christ - Guide/Leader
- Testimony
- Walking With God

## Stakeholders

- Weaver, R. J. (Composer)
- Baxter, J. B. (Lyricist)
- Stamps-Baxter Music Co. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

©  Copyright 1938. Renewed 1965 by Bridge Building Music, Inc. (Admin. by Brentwood-Benson Music Publishing, Inc.). All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #130137.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

