# 20354 - HALLELUJAH! FOR THE JUDGMENT DAY

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

I want to go to heaven on the judgment day. I want to sing about it ev'ry step of the way. There with the saved forever I will praise the Lord. Hallelujah! for the judgment day! 

### Verse 2

I must go tell the world about this matchless place,  Where there's no need for sunshine for the light comes from His face; And if we put Him first and do  what He commands, We can go there on the judgment day.

### Verse 3

There'll be a glad reunion when the trumpet sounds. We'll meet Him in the sky and then we'll gather all around, With our dear friends and loved ones who have gone before, Praise Jehovah for the judgment day.

### Chorus

Hallelujah! Hallelujah! Hallelujah for the judgment day! If I live for God I can be with Him in heaven on the  judgment day.


## Scriptures

### I Thessalonians 4:17

- [I Thessalonians 4:17](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Thessalonians%204%3A17)


## Topics

- Aspiration
- Christ - Second Coming

## Stakeholders

- Durbin, Suzanne (Composer)
- Durbin, Suzanne (Lyricist)
- Durbin, Suzanne (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1996 by Suzanne Durbin. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

