# 20353 - SO SOFTLY AND TENDERLY

## Notation

G - 6/4 on 6 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

So softly and tenderly, graciously speaking, The voice of the Savior is heard here below By souls who are hungry and yearn His appearing, By all those desiring His goodness to know.

### Verse 2

As soft as the moonbeams o'er mountains arising, As grand as the sunlight thru dawn breaking fair, Are also the ways of my Lord in His beauty; How fine are His blessings I see ev'rywhere.

### Verse 3

Lord, I am a child in great need of Your keeping; Without You I'd falter and soon lose my way, Defiling my soul in the darkness about me, Except You enlighten and guide me each day.

### Verse 4

You see, Lord, what's needful before I may know it; Let Your will be my own may Your ways I see. Become my true Master I'll honor no other And be a defender, a refuge for me.


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 119:116](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20119%3A116)

## Topics

- Christ - Friend/Helper
- Christ - Guide/Leader

## Stakeholders

- Shepard, Dane K. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Shepard, Dane K. (Lyricist)
- Shepard, Dane K. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2013 by O. E. Landrum and Dane K. Shepard. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

