# 20368 - BEFORE THE THRONE OF GOD ABOVE

## Notation

D - 3/4 on 2+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Before the throne of God above I have a strong, a perfect plea, a great High Priest whose name is Love who ever lives and pleads for me. My name is graven on His hands, my name is written on His heart. I know that while in heav'n He stands no tongue can bid bid me thence depart, no tongue can bid me thence depart.

### Verse 2

When Satan temps me to despair, and tells me of the guilt within, upward I look and see Him there who made an end to all my sin. Because the sinless Savior died, my sinful soul is counted free. For God the Just is satisfied to look on Him and pardon me, to look on Him and pardon me.

### Verse 3

Behold Him there, the risen Lamb, my perfect spotless Righteousness, the great unchangeable I AM, The King of Glory and of Grace. One with Himself, I cannot die. My soul is purchased by His blood. My life is hid with Christ on high, with Christ my Savior and my God, with Christ my Savior and my God.

### Verse 4

I bow before the cross of Christ, and marvel at this love divine, God's perfect Son was sacrificed to make me righteous in God's eyes. This river's depths I cannot know, But I can glory in its flood; The Lord Most High has bowed down low, and poured on me His glorous love, and poured on me His glorious love.

### Chorus

Hallelujah, my life is found in Jesus Christ. Hallelujah, for I am His and He is mine, for I am His and He is mine.


## Scriptures

- [Hebrews 12:2](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Hebrews%2012%3A2)

## Topics

- Assurance
- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ
- Testimony

## Stakeholders

- Bancroft, Charitie Lees (Composer)
- Bancroft, Charitie Lees (Lyricist)
- Sovereign Grace Worship (Copyright Holder)
- Cook, Vicki (Lyricist)
- Cook, Vicki (Composer)
- Vest, Johnathan (Arranger)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1997 bySovereign Grace Worship (Admin. by Capitol CMG Publishing (IM)). All Rights Reserved. Used by Permisison. CCLI Song #2094841.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

