# 20373 - EVENSONG

## Notation

Ab - 3/4 on 3 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

The evening light is falling; the sun has passed away; Our Father's hand is veiling the splendor of the day, But still we know His favor And see it shine more bright In Jesus Christ our Savior, Our pure and changeless Light.

### Verse 2

In peace beyond all sorrow, We let our eyelids close, Unworried by tomorrow, Untroubled by our foes. Our Shepherd will not fail us; He watches for His sheep; No evil will assail us, For He will never sleep.

### Verse 3

Our God, as we adore You, We learn that life shall pass; All flesh is dust before You, Its glory, like the grass. But You will not forsake us Nor leave Your word undone; From darkness You will wake us To glory like the sun.


## Scriptures

- [Hebrews 13:5](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Hebrews%2013%3A5)

## Topics

- Providence/Care Of God

## Stakeholders

- Harber, Matthew L. (Composer)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Lyricist)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Copyright Holder)
- Harber, Matthew L. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2005 by Matthew W Bassford & Matthew L. Harber. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

