# 20372 - I COULD NOT DO WITHOUT YOU

## Notation

F - 3/4 on 3 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

I could not do without you, O Savior of the lost, Whose precious blood redeemed me At such tremendous cost. Your righteousness, Your pardon, Your precious blood must be My only hope and comfort, My glory and my plea.

### Verse 2

I couldnot do without You, I cannot stand alone, I have no strength or goodness, No wisdom of my own; But You, beloved Savior, Are near in all I do, And weakness will be power If leaning hard on You.

### Verse 3

I could not do without You, For, O the way is long, And I am often weary, And sigh replaces song; How could I do without You? I do not know the way; You know, Lord, and You lead me And will not let me stray.

### Verse 4

I could not do without You, For years are fleeting fast, And soon in solemn oneness The river must be passed; But You will never leave me, And tho' the waves roll high, I know You will be near me, And whisper, "It is I."


## Scriptures

### Matthew 28:20

- [Matthew 28:20](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%2028%3A20)


## Topics

- Dependence
- Christ - Friend/Helper

## Stakeholders

- Couchman, C. E. (Composer)
- Havergal, Frances R. (Lyricist)
- Couchman, C. E. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2009 by C. E Couchman. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

