# 20388 - LOVEST THOU ME MORE THAN THESE

## Notation

Db - 12/8 on 10 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

In the good Book we're told how to the saints of old, Jesus said, "Go feed My sheep;", (My sheep); As He commanded them, we'll be commanded when Jesus says, "Children, feed My sheep, (My sheep).

### Verse 2

Jesus commanded those, who would obey His call, Go to the lost and bring them in, (all in); Bring ye the wand'rers home, wherever they may roam, Help them eternal  life to win, (yes, win).

### Chorus

Lovest thou Me, My child, more than these? Lovest thou Me, My child more than these? These are the words Peter of old by our Lord then was told, And today, Jesus says, these are My sheep; Lovest thou Me, My child, more than these? Lovest thou Me, My child, more than these? As of old so today, Hear the Lord He will say, Lovest thou Me, more than these? Feed My sheep!


## Scriptures

- [John 21:17](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%2021%3A17)

## Topics

- Evangelism
- Service

## Stakeholders

- Williams, Clyde (Composer)
- Arnold, Robert E. (Lyricist)
- Bridge Building Music, Inc. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1960 by Bridge Building Music, Inc. (Admin. by Bentwood-Benson Music Publishing, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #572908.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

