# 20381 - THE GOLDEN GRAIN

## Notation

F - 6/8 on 6 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

This life is like a vapor spread 'fore eternity, Where we must stand before the throne across the stormy sea. We'll stand before the throne of God, on that great judgement day, Then He will choose the golden grain and cast the rest away.

### Verse 2

If we are bound by earthly ties and earthly gods adore. Then we'll be classed among the chaff on that celestial shore. Then we'll be cast into the lake that burns forever more And from our torture and our pain we'll see that golden shore.

### Verse 3

O, God forbid that we should shun our blessed Savior's face. And live such lives upon the earth to reach that awful place. But Lord and Savior guide our steps in this vile world of pain. So when we're called upon to die, we'll be the golden grain.

### Chorus

O, can we be that golden grain that beautiful golden grain, When God sees fit to call 


## Scriptures

### Luke 3:17

- [Luke 3:17](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Luke%203%3A17)


## Topics

- Judgment
- Invitation

## Stakeholders

- Wood, Roy W.  Jr. (Composer)
- Wood, Roy W.  Sr. (Lyricist)
- Wood, Roy W.  Jr. (Copyright Holder)
- Coburn, Steve (Arranger)
- Coburn, LaNette (Arranger)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2014 by Roy. W. Wood, Jr. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

