# 20386 - A RIVER OF CRIMSON

## Notation

Ab - 4/4 on 4+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

A river of crimson flowed from His side. A river of crimson made me alive. He was born for my sorrows and died on that tree. A river of crimson flowed down to me.

### Verse 2

A river of crimson flowed for my sins. A river of crimson cleansed me within. He was born for my sorrows and died on that tree. A river of crimson washed over me.

### Verse 3

A river of crimson opened my eyes. A river of crimson made my heart cry. He was born for my sorrows and died on that tree. A river of crimson beckoned to me.

### Verse 4

A river of crimson, precious and clear. A river of crimson brings us so near. Jesus bore all our sorrows and died on that tree. A river of crimson flowed down to me.


## Scriptures

- [John 19:34](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%2019%3A34)

## Topics

- Christ - Crucifixion/Death
- Calvary
- Christ - Suffering

## Stakeholders

- Vengley, Cliff (Composer)
- Vengley, Cliff (Lyricist)
- Vengley, Cliff (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1988 by Cliff Vengley. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

