# 20385 - ONWARD TO HEAVEN I GO

## Notation

G - 6/8 on 6 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

To sing with the saints is joy beyond measure There's nothing that thrills my heart so. As I sing here on earth, one dear tho't I treasure: It's onward to heaven I go.

### Verse 2

This world full of sin, the place of my sojourn. Can never be home to me. For I serve Christ the King, to Him my tho'ts turn; His glory forever to see.

### Verse 3

So onward I go, I'm living for Jesus. I'm happy, contented and free. For I know that one day He's coming to take us forever in heaven to be.

### Chorus

To sing with the saved for all eternity, to praise my dear Lord forever. Unspeakable joy for you and for me, the 


## Scriptures

### Psalm 95:1

- [Psalm 95:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2095%3A1)


## Topics

- Heaven
- Joy/Rejoicing
- Service

## Stakeholders

- Graham, Dan K. (Composer)
- Graham, Dan K. (Lyricist)
- Graham, Dan K. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1987 by Dan K. Graham & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

