# 20395 - A WORLD BEYOND COMPARE

## Notation

Db - 4/4 on 3+ - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

As I behold the sunrise o'er the ocean, I know that God, my Lord, is ever near. I watch the waves that ebb and flow before me, And know my life rests in His loving care.

### Verse 2

As I behold the sunshine on the meadow, I know that God provides for all my needs. I smell the rain and feel the gentle breezes, And know His love protects and comforts me.

### Verse 3

As I behold the sky with clouds forth coming, I know that storms may fill my life with tears. I hear the promise made to all the faithful, And know that soon a rainbow will appear.

### Verse 4

As I behold the sunset o'er the mountains, I know that God controls the close of day. I stand in awe of all that He's created, And dream of Heav'n; a world beyond compare.

### Chorus

This is the day the Lord has now created. Let us rejoice and fill the day with cheer. His 


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 118:24](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20118%3A24)

## Topics

- Care Of God
- Comfort/Encouragement

## Stakeholders

- Morrison, Richard L. (Composer)
- Morrison, Emily Anne (Lyricist)
- Stevens, Doug (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1999 by Doug Stevens. In Memory of Debbie Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

