# 20392 - RICHLY BLEST

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Bluest sky, cloudy day, whether it's good or bad that tends to come my way. From the highest hill or deepest valley I will claim His rest, for the One who loves me makes me richly blest.

### Verse 2

Fresh delight, deep lament, whether in joy or pain I've learned to be content. For the One who fills me with His Spirit always knows what's best, and One who loves me makes me richly blest. And I know that life is like a ship that sails out on the sea, sometimes cradled by the calm, and sometimes plunged into the fury. But a peace within my heart provides a warm and sweet caress, for the One who loves me makes me richly blest. Bluest sky, cloudy day, whether it's good or bad that tends to come my way. From the highest hill or deepest valley I will claim His rest, for the One who loves me makes me richly blest. For the One who loves me makes me richly blest.


## Scriptures

### Philippians 4:11

- [Philippians 4:11](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Philippians%204%3A11)


## Topics

- Rest
- Peace

## Stakeholders

- Young, Ken (Composer)
- Young, Ken (Lyricist)
- Hallal Music (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1995 by Hallal Music. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #2026651.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

