# 20399 - WHAT DIRECTION ARE YOU HEADED

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

What direction are you headed with your life? Can you see where you are going with your life? Does the Savior's compass guide you, In the storm His harbor hide you? What direction are headed with your life?

### Verse 2

What companions are around you in your life? Do the evil ones surround you in your life? Will tomorrow find you weeping o'er the company you're keeping? What direction are you headed with your life?

### Verse 3

Will the choices that you make enhance your life? There will be no second chance to live your life. When the Judgment you are facing, There will be no step retracing. What direction are you headed with your life?

### Verse 4

You are standing at the crossroads of your life. You must choose the path to take to live your life. Let there be no hesitation. Make it Heaven's destination! What direction are you headed with your life?


## Scriptures

### Proverbs 3:6

- [Proverbs 3:6](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Proverbs%203%3A6)


## Topics

- Contemplation
- Commitment/Consecration
- Priorities

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, Anne F. (Composer)
- Stevens, Anne F. (Lyricist)
- Stevens, Anne F. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2000 by Anne Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

