# 20396 - HOW CAN I PRAISE THEE

## Notation

Eb - 6/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

How can I praise Thee, King of kings? Still to my soul this burden clings. Thou so great, and I so small: How can I praise Thee, Lord of all?

### Verse 2

God of all earth and heav'n above, Father of mercy, grace and love, I so weak, and Thou so strong: Patient and good, Thou suff'rest long.

### Chorus

Give me a voice to sing Thy praise; Righteous and true in all Thy ways. Beautiful song of love divine, Thankful, my God, that I am Thine.

### Verse 3

Giver of life and all things good, Healing my soul as no man could. Everlasting life to give, So that one frail as I might live.

### Verse 4

Son of Thy love Thou gave to die That the destroyer pass me by. Gave Thy word to lead me thru: Comfort, command, and promise true.


## Scriptures

### Psalm 47:6

- [Psalm 47:6](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2047%3A6)


## Topics

- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ
- Praise/Adoration - Of Father
- Christ - Comforter

## Stakeholders

- Alexander, Gilbert (Composer)
- Alexander, Gilbert (Lyricist)
- Alexander, Gilbert (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1989 by Gilbert Alexander. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

