# 20409 - BEYOND LIFE'S SUNSET

## Notation

Bb - 4/4 on 3+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

There is a valley, just beyond life's sunset, Where crystal waters of life do flow, 'Mid fragrant flowers and the song of angels, There is a mansion for me I know.

### Verse 2

There is no sorrow, just beyond life's sunset, There is no sickness, no grief or pain, There all is singing, heaven's new song singing, Where joy supernal will ever reign.

### Verse 3

When I must journey, just beyond life's sunset, I want my Savior to hold my hand, For with Him guiding, in His love abiding, the gates will open to Canaan land.

### Chorus

I'll live forever in a land of contentment, while Sharon's Rose blooms in splendor by my jasper door, In God's new Eden, just beyond life's sunset, Toils will be ended forevermore.


## Scriptures

- [Revelation 21:4](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%2021%3A4)

## Topics

- Heaven - Eternal Home
- Funeral Selections
- Joy/Rejoicing

## Stakeholders

- C. T. Johnson (Composer)
- C. T. Johnson (Lyricist)
- C. T. Johnson (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1959 by C. T. Johnson, Duncan, Oklahoma. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(Copyrighted hymns not associated with CCLI & hymns of Partnership status)

## Disclaimers

Permission from the copyright owner(s) &/or administrator is required PRIOR to purchasing and downloading (for copying, printing &/or projecting) this hymn.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

