# 20410 - WONDERFUL

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

O my heart sings today, sings for joy and gladness, Jesus saves, satisfies, takes away my sadness. Guilt is gone; Peace is mine, peace like to a river. Jesus is wonderful, mighty to deliver.

### Verse 2

Once a slave, now I'm free, free from condemnation. Jesus gives liberty and a full salvation. Now the sins of the past have been all forgiven, and my name is inscribed in the book of heaven.

### Verse 3

Living here with my Lord in a holy union, day by day, all the way, holding sweet communion. O what change grace hath wrought in my lowly station, since my soul has received full and free salvation!

### Chorus

Wonderful, Jesus to me! Counselor, Prince of Peace, Mighty God is He, Saving me keeping me from all sin and shame.


## Scriptures

### Isaiah 9:6

- [Isaiah 9:6](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Isaiah%209%3A6)


## Topics

- Christ - Savior
- Christ - Redeemer

## Stakeholders

- Lillenas, Haldor (Composer)
- Lillenas, Haldor (Lyricist)
- Lillenas Publishing Co. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1924. Renewed 1951 by Lillenas Publishing Co. (Admin. by Music Services, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #55432.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

