# 20424 - GOD PUT A RAINBOW IN THE CLOUD

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

When God shut Noah in the grand old ark, He put a rainbow in the cloud. When the thunders rolled and the sky was dark, God put a rainbow in the cloud. God put a rainbow in the cloud. God put a rainbow in the cloud. When it looked like the sun wouldn't shine anymore, God put a rainbow in the cloud.

### Verse 2

Away down yonder in Egypt's sand, God put a rainbow in the cloud. Just to lead His chldren to the promised land, God put a rainbow in the cloud. God put a rainbow in the cloud. God put a rainbow in the cloud. When it looked like the sun wouldn't shine anymore, God put a rainbow in the cloud.

### Verse 3

When they put old Daniel in the Lion's den, God put a rainbow in the cloud. Just to prove His promise to the sons of me, God put a rainbow in the cloud. God put a rainbow in the cloud. God put a rainbow in the cloud. When it looked like the sun wouldn't shine anymore, God put a rainbow in the cloud.

### Verse 4

O, Jordan deep and Jordan wide, God put a rainbow in the cloud. To lead His people to the other side. God put a rainbow in the cloud. God put a rainbow in the cloud. God put a rainbow in the cloud. When it looked like the sun wouldn't shine anymore, God put a rainbow in the cloud, yes in the cloud.


## Scriptures

### Genesis 9:13

- [Genesis 9:13](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Genesis%209%3A13)


## Topics

- God
- Encouragement

## Stakeholders

- Jenkins, Andrew (Composer)
- Jenkins, Andrew (Lyricist)
- R. E. Winsett Music Co. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1931. Assigned 1943 R. E. Winsett & Co. (Admin. by Sacred Selections R. E. Winsett LLC). All Rights Reserved.  Used by Permission. CCLI Song #748639.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

