# 20428 - HAIL THE KING

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Hail the King of Glory! Hail the King of Glory! Jesus Christ He was the Son of man. O hail the King! He lived a man, and died a man perfecting heaven's plan. O praise His name! O hail the King!

### Verse 2

Hail the King of Glory! Hail the King of Glory! Holy Friend, He's God's beloved Son. O hail the King! He is our blest Redeemer, The perfect sinless One, O praise His name! O hail the King!

### Verse 3

Hail the King of Glory! Hail the King of Glory! Great High Priest with God eternally. O hail the King! His blood He offers for our sins, the gift of love so free; O praise His name, O hail the King!

### Verse 4

Hail the King of Glory! Hail the King of Glory! Jesus reigns supreme in heav'n on high. O hail the King! His kingdom is the hearts of men, by faith in Him draw nigh. O praise His name! O hail the King!

### Coda

Hail Him! Hail Him! Prophet, Priest and King. Bessed Savior of our souls, Oh praise His name. Oh hail the King!


## Scriptures

### Revelation 1:5

- [Revelation 1:5](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%201%3A5)


## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Redeemer
- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- Stringer, Michael (Composer)
- Adams, James (Lyricist)
- Stringer, Michael (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2001 by Michael Stringer & James Adams. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

