# 20438 - DWELL IN ME, O SON OF GOD

## Notation

G - 3/4 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Dwell in me, O Son of God; Grant this joy beyond my telling; You, whom heav'n cannot contain, Take my heart to be Your dwelling. Come my King and Deity. Claim Your temple throne in me.

### Verse 2

Work in me, O Son of God; Sanctify my hands for labor. Thru my days, display Your love; Bless my brother and my neighbor. Shine in works that all may see; Glorify Your name in me.

### Verse 3

Speak in me, O Son of God; Thru Your words of truth and reason; Train my lips to teach Your word, Whether in or out of season. Promise, warning, and decree: give them all their voice in me.

### Verse 4

Live in me, O Son of God; Fill me up to Your perfection; Lead me through Your life, Your death; Bring me to Your resurrection. Then, for all eternity, Bid me, "Come and dwell with Me."


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 115:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20115%3A1)

## Topics

- Indwelling - Of Christ
- Christlikeness/Godly Living

## Stakeholders

- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Composer)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Lyricist)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Copyright Holder)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2007 by Matt Bassford & Glenda Barnhart Schales. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

