# 20437 - AND WE TREMBLE

## Notation

Em - 4/4 on 2 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

We fall trembling when we come before our God. We are prostrate in humility and wonder. Our will crumbles from the thunder in our awe. And we Tremble, tremble.

### Verse 2

We bow down in fear and rev'rence for His name. And we glory in His true and righteous judgments. In our hearts burn bright His light, the living flame. And we tremble, tremble.

### Verse 3

Lovingkindness, peace and truth in Him are one, But His justice must consume with fire all evil. But He nestles us in love through His own Son.

### Verse 4

His great breadth of love we pray to understand. His great majesty is far beyond our mind's eye. But we see His pow'r and mighty streatched out hand. And we tremble, tremble.


## Scriptures

- [Numbers 20:12](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Numbers%2020%3A12)

## Topics

- Humility
- Love - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Composer)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Lyricist)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2013 by Glenda Barnhart Schales. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

