# 20446 - TEAR DOWN THE IDOLS

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

God told the Israelites, He was their God, And they should worship only Him; But they forsook Him, And to idols turned, When the mem'ry of His love grew dim.

### Verse 2

God spoke to Jonah, "Go to Nineveh And tell the people to repent." When he refused, A great fish swallowed  him, When he came out, down to Nineveh he went.

### Verse 3

Jesus told Peter, while in Galilee, To follow Him and fish for men; Forsake all others and your worldly goods, And to preach His word and turn the world from sin.

### Verse 4

Paul said at Corinth, You have many gods, You woship idols made by man. Worship Jehovah, He's the one true God, And obey His ev'ry blest command.

### Chorus

And God said: "Tear down the idos of ev'ry false god, And then destroy all their groves and root up ev'ry tree, And then go clear out the underbrush and rubbish of sin, And turn and worship Me."


## Scriptures

- [I John 5:21](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20John%205%3A21)

## Topics

- Obedience

## Stakeholders

- Cutts, Laurence (Composer)
- Cutts, Laurence (Lyricist)
- Cutts, Laurence (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1999 by Laurence Cutts. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(Copyrighted hymns not associated with CCLI & hymns of Partnership status)

## Disclaimers

Permission from the copyright owner(s) &/or administrator is required PRIOR to purchasing and downloading (for copying, printing &/or projecting) this hymn.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

