# 20445 - NOTHING IS IMPOSSIBLE WITH GOD

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

God sent an angel to Nazareth to say, Mary, a savior will come from you some day." She was a virgin but soon she had a babe, For nothing is impossible with God!

### Verse 2

Moses had rescued the Jews from Pharoah's land, Egypt pursued them, the Red Sea was at hand, God split the waters and they walked on dry land, For nothing is impossible with God!

### Verse 3

Martha and Mary were weeping one sad day, Their brother Laz'rus was dead and in the grave. Jesus said "Come forth" and he rose from the cave, For nothing is impossible with God!

### Verse 4

Jesus has promised He's coming back some day. We should be ready for that's the Judgment Day. We must believe that He has the pow'r to save, For nothing is imposssible with God!

### Chorus

For nothing is impossible with God, The Lord cast His beauty on creation; So nothing is impossible with God. All power and glory be to Him!


## Scriptures

- [Jeremiah 32:17](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Jeremiah%2032%3A17)

## Topics

- God - Powerful/Knowing/Present
- Believe

## Stakeholders

- Rainwater, Brian (Composer)
- Rainwater, Brian (Lyricist)
- Rainwater, Brian (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2000 by Brian Rainwater. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

