# 20440 - TRIUMPHAL ENTRANCE

## Notation

Ab - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Hosanna, King! the crowd resounds; Their branches pave the dusty ground. Messiah wears no robe or crown, Yet all the multitudes bow down. This Prophet King from Galilee Is on the road to Calvary.

### Verse 2

Our Lord! The King! the host resounds; Their branches sweep the golden ground. Messiah claims His robe and crown; Angelic multitudes bow down. The Risen lamb in victory Has conquer'd Death at Calvary.

### Verse 3

Our King returns! the trump resounds, And angel voices shake the ground. The saints receive their robes and crowns As at the throne all men bow down. The Son of God triumphantly Will lead us home thru Calvary.


## Scriptures

### Matthew 21:9

- [Matthew 21:9](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%2021%3A9)


## Topics

- Christ - Second Coming
- Christ - Kingship/Lordship

## Stakeholders

- Couchman, C. E. (Composer)
- Hardin, S. J. (Lyricist)
- Hardin, S. J. (Copyright Holder)
- Couchman, C. E. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2002 by S. J. Hardin and C. E. Couchman. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

