# 20451 - LET US ARISE AND BUILD JERUSALEM

## Notation

Bb - 2/2 on 2a - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

O redeemed of the Lord, build Jerusalem! Set your hearts to His decree; Hear the Lord! Clear the way! He has work for you! Lift your eyes to Him and see! Take no rest till the Lord makes Jerusalem Like a glory in the earth. Create a stonghold for His Word, And issue it forth!

### Verse 2

Stand the watch! Spread the  news! Heal the sick of heart! Lift on high all those who mourn! Sing His care! Live His peace! Trust His righteous law! For His glory to adorn! Ev'ry work in His name build Jerusalem! For with ev'ry stone you raise, You lift its walls of saving grace, And hang gates of praise!

### Verse 3

Do not think you alone build Jerusalem, For our God will spread its fame. The Most High, He, Himself, Will establish her, She, the city of His name! With each labor of joy, He is glorified, He, the everlasting light! Through you He builds Jerusalem, Your work His delight!

### Chorus

Let us arise and build Jerusalem! Let us stand up to serve the Lord! Our God! Let us arise and build Jerusalem, Come serve, serve the Lord!


## Scriptures

- [Nehemiah 4:6](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Nehemiah%204%3A6)

## Topics

- Discipleship
- Work And Service

## Stakeholders

- Morrison, Richard L. (Composer)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Lyricist)
- Morrison, Richard L. (Copyright Holder)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Lyricist)
- Morrison, Richard L. (Lyricist)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2000 by Richard L. Morrison. All Rights Reserved.  Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

