# 20458 - THERE IS ROOM

## Notation

A - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

There's a dark'ning shadow and it reaches 'round the world, With a shape that's known throughout the years. And there's room in its frame for the ones who wear His name. In the Savior's shadow, there is room. There is room within the shadow of the cross. There is room for all to come. Yes, there's room at the side of the Savior crucified. In the Savior's shadow, there is room.

### Verse 2

There's a battle waged in ev'ry corner of the world, With its weapons not of sword or flame. As it rages within ev'ry heart enslaved in sin, In the Savior's army, there is room. There  is room for ev'ry soldier of the Lord. There is room for all to come. With His banner o'erhead, dipped in blood by Jesus shed, In the Savior's army, there is room. 

### Verse 3

There's a table set within the kingdom of the Lord, and its emblems speak of One who died. And 'though millions attend to the welcome He extends, At the Savior's supper, there is room. There is room around the table of the Lord. There is room for all to come. Yes, there's always a place for the ones who seek His grace. At the Savior's supper, there is room.


## Scriptures

### II Peter 3:9

- [II Peter 3:9](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=II%20Peter%203%3A9)


## Topics

- Redemption
- Eternal Life

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, Anne F. (Composer)
- Stevens, Anne F. (Lyricist)
- Stevens, Anne F. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1998 by Anne Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

