# 20466 - LET ME, O GOD

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

There are souls near me that need saving: They've been slain and destroyed by sin. Death's wages were earned by their sinning, But by grace, they can live again.

### Verse 2

There are lives near me that need guiding: They have wandered so far away. They've strayed, and in darkness are drifting; how they need the bright light of day.

### Verse 3

There are wounds near me that need mending: 'Tis old Evil that caused their pain. But hearts turned to Thee in repenting, Will blot out all sin that remains.

### Verse 4

Let me lift some poor soul's great burden, Help me give joy that's giv'n to me. The Word that has brought my deliv'rance, Will set free one more soul thru me.

### Chorus

Let me bring some soul to Thee, O God. Let my feet be with Thy gospel shod. Let Thy blessing come to where I trod. Let me lead some soul to thee, O God.


## Scriptures

### Mark 6:12

- [Mark 6:12](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Mark%206%3A12)


## Topics

- Evangelism
- Grace

## Stakeholders

- Morrison, Richard L. (Composer)
- Rasmussen, Ron (Lyricist)
- Morrison, Richard L. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1993 by Richard L. Morrison. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

