# 20463 - SING HALLELUJAH

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Glory, sing Hallelujah! Sing the gospel call. Sing of our dear Redeemer, Mighty Lord of all. Then some day over yonder, We will sound our cry as we sing hymns of gladness, Yonder by and by.

### Verse 2

Let us sing Hallelujah! Sing the grand old song. Tell the world Jesus cometh, And it won't be long, Till we see Him descending, Wondrous, Majesty! When our souls hear the Master Calling you and me.

### Verse 3

Once again Hallelujah! For the dead shall rise, Then we'll fly to the Master; Lord of earth and skies. Hallelujah! Glory, glory! Scarce can we contain, All the joy, all the gladness, When He comes again.

### Chorus

Sound it clear, sound the message. Let the world resound. Filling souls over yonder, there and all around. Say the Mighty Maser liveth, Reigning high above. Glory, Hallelujah! Praise, O Praise His love!


## Scriptures

- [Revelation 19:6](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%2019%3A6)

## Topics

- Singing
- Praise/Adoration

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1999 by O. E. Landrum & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

