# 20477A - I STAND BEFORE THE CROSS

## Notation

Ab - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

I stand before the cross of Christ, Beneath His outstretched arms. I stand amazed at His loving grace, His care which never harms.

### Verse 2

I stand before the cross of Christ, To eat this precious bread. I stand in tho't of His body torn, That day of awful dread.  

### Verse 3

I stand before the cross of Christ, And drink this cup of blood. I stand forgiv'n by its saving pow'r, The fountain's cleansing flood.

### Verse 4

I stand before the cross of Christ, And hear Him say "forgive!" I stand redeemed by the sacrifice, And I shall always live.

### Chorus

I stand before the cross. O, what an awful cost! I stand before the cross, Looking up at Jesus as He died! 


## Scriptures

### John 19:25

- [John 19:25](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%2019%3A25)


## Topics

- Cross
- Christ - Sacrifice

## Stakeholders

- Caldwell, Grant B. (Composer)
- Caldwell, Grant B. (Lyricist)
- Caldwell Publications (Copyright Holder)
- Caldwell, Grant B. (Arranger)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1986 by Caldwell Publications. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

