# 20475 - CLEFT OF GLADNESS

## Notation

Bb - 4/4 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Cleft of ages give me refuge, Give me place to hide my soul. Hide me while the darkness gathers, Lest, O Lord, 'twould o'er me roll. Lest the fearful face of dimness, Hide Thy wondrous love from me, Light of love, O Rock of Ages, Let me hide my all in Thee.

### Verse 2

Rock of graciousness and power, Make Thy shadow stand between, Wills of Thine and wiles of Satan, Let Thy graciousness be seen. Rock of Ages, Rock of Ages, Holy cleft, O let me in. Let me bring my ev'ry sorrow, Hear my pleading once again.

### Verse 3

Rock of Ages, Mighty power, Jesus keep me day by day; else the tempter for my weakness, Take my worthless soul away. Open wide Thy place of refuge, Wide enough for me to know, Ev'ry joy Thy grace may offer, Keep me safe from ev'ry foe.


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 91:2](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2091%3A2)

## Topics

- Christ - Rock/Refuge
- Blessings

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2001 by O. E. Landrum & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

