# 20484 - GOD STILL LIVES

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 3d - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Within the heart of ev'ry man He strives himself to understand; God's mighty hand from ages past, Declare His work of righteousness.

### Verse 2

From greatest man to infant child, From space afar to grain of sand; 'Tis written plain, it's ev'rywhere, That God is real His wondrous pow'r.

### Verse 3

I see his pow'r, ten thousand worlds, the order of the universe; Where'ere man goes, God's gone before, Foundations laid, creation morn.

### Chorus

I hear His voice, ten thousand tongues, The rocks and hills the birds that sing; The rippling brook, all nature tells, That God still lives and all is well.

### Verse 4

Tho' man may go to distant star God's hand laid out, the parth afar, and lo, returns to earth again, Man can but say, "How great Thou art."


## Scriptures

### Psalm 19:1

- [Psalm 19:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2019%3A1)


## Topics

- God - Presence
- God - Powerful/Knowing/Present

## Stakeholders

- Howard, Alton H. (Composer)
- Howard, Alton H. (Lyricist)
- Howard, Alton H. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1971 by Alton H. Howard. (Admin. by Howard Assets, LLC) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #362857.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

