# 20480 - HAVE YOU GROWN IN THE FAITH

## Notation

Bb - 3/4 on 3 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Have you grown in the faith? Do you trust more than ever, In the love of your Savior, Since you said, "I believe"? Do you know that He hears Ev'ry prayer and petition, That the blessings you're needing, You will surely receive.

### Verse 2

With a smile on your face, Do you welcome each Lord's day, For the knowing that surely, Songs of praises you'll sing? And you're made to recall, By His wond'rous communion, That His blood was your cleansing, And t'was your ev'rything.

### Verse 3

Does your soul fill with joy, When you hear the old story, Of the blessed One Risen? Does it reach deep within? Are you growing in Him? Do you ask even daily, "Am I growing in Jesus"? You must ask it again.

### Verse 4

Do I grow day by day? Does my Lord see a yearning, In my soul to be stronger, As I follow His way? Surely Lord I would be, More and more as you'd have me, Yes, I'd be even stronger, And I'd be more like Thee.


## Scriptures

- [I Peter 2:2](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Peter%202%3A2)

## Topics

- Faith/ Believe
- Worship
- Growth/Fruit-bearing

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2007 by O. E. Landrum & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

