# 20483 - BEAUTIFUL SAVIOR

## Notation

F - 6/8 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

All my days I will sing this song of gladness, give my praise to the Fountain of delights; for in my helplessness You heard my cry, and waves of mercy poured down on my life. (my life.)

### Verse 2

I will trust in the cross of my Redeemer; I will sing of the blood that never fails, of sins forgiven, of conscience cleansed, of death defeated and life without end. (no end.) Beautiful Savior, Wonderful Counselor, clothed in  majesty, Lord of history, You're the Way, the Truth, the Life. Star of the Morning, glorious in holiness, You're the Risen One, Heaven's Champion, and You reign, You reign over all! (You reign over all!)

### Verse 3

I Long to be where the praise is never ending; Yearn to dwell where the glory never fades, where countless worshippers will share one song, and cries of "Worthy" will honor the Lamb! (the Lamb!) Beautiful Savior, Wonderful Counselor, clothed in  majesty, Lord of history, You're the Way, the Truth, the Life. Star of the Morning, glorious in holiness, You're the Risen One, Heaven's Champion, and You reign, You reign over all! (You reign over all!)


## Scriptures

### John 14:6

- [John 14:6](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%2014%3A6)


## Topics

- Christ - Savior
- Christ - Word/Way

## Stakeholders

- Townend, Stuart (Composer)
- Townend, Stuart (Lyricist)
- Thankyou Music (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1998 by Thankyou Music. (Admin. by Capitol CMG Publishing) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #2492216.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

