# 20507A - THE SERVANT SONG

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Brother, let me be your servant. Let me be as Christ to you. Pray that I might have the grace to let you be my servant, too.

### Verse 2

We are pilgrims on a journey. We are trav'lers on the road. We are here to help each other Walk the mile and bear the load.

### Verse 3

I will hold the Christlight for you In the nighttime of your fear. I will hold my hand out to you, Speak the peace you long to hear.

### Verse 4

I will weep when you are weeping, When you laugh, I'll laugh with you. I will share your joy and sorrow Till we've seen this journey thru.

### Verse 5

When we sing to God in heaven, we shall find such harmony; Born of all we've known together, of Christ's love and agony.

### Verse 6

Brother, sister, let me serve you, let me be as Christ to you. Pray that I may have the grace to let you be my servant, too.


## Scriptures

### Matthew 20:26

- [Matthew 20:26](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%2020%3A26)


## Topics

- Encouragement
- Service
- Work And Service

## Stakeholders

- Gillard, Richard (Composer)
- Gillard, Richard (Lyricist)
- Universal Music - Brentwood Benson Publishing (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1977 by Universal Music Brentwood-Benson Publishing. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #72673.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

