# 20503 - GOD'S CHOIR

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 4+ - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Last night when I was lonely, I looked up at the sky. The stars looked like notes in the air; Like a mighty piece of music penned by God's own hand, Written for a choir way up there. I heard the angels sing, Glory hallelujah! A mighty chorus way up high; I heard the angels sing, "Praise the name of Jesus!" Singing in God's choir in the sky. I heard a thousand trumpets sounding out His glory, Telling the story: How He came to earth to die; I heard a million voices praise the name of esus, Singing in God's choir in the sky.

### Verse 2

I heard the glorious song coming out of Heaven, The sweetest music ever heard; I heard a mighty song sung by all the angels, My soul thrilled at ev'ry loving word. I heard a thousand trumpets sounding out His glory, Telling the story: How He came to earth to die; I heard a million voices praise the name of esus, Singing in God's choir in the sky.

### Verse 3

I fell down on my knees when that chorus ended, They shouted out a glad "Amen!" I fell down on my knees, prayed that when in Heaven, I would hear that choir once again. I heard a thousand trumpets sounding out His glory, Telling the story: How He came to earth to die; I heard a million voices praise the name of esus, Singing in God's choir in the sky.


## Scriptures

### Revelation 5:13

- [Revelation 5:13](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%205%3A13)


## Topics

- Singing
- Worship
- Nature

## Stakeholders

- Overholt, Ray (Composer)
- Overholt, Ray (Lyricist)
- New Spring (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1960 by New Spring. (Admin. by Brentwood-Benson Music Publishing, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #49376.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

