# 20509 - I CAN HARDLY WAIT

## Notation

C - 4/4 on 3+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

I wanna be one with You, O God, and walk beside You all the way. Hold my hand in Your hand and be thankful ev'ry day. You're the reason I'm redeemed, rejoicing all the way. I can hardly wait for that eternal glor'ous day!

### Verse 2

I wanna be loved by You, O God, and sing Your praises ev'ry day. Tell the world about You that Christ Jesus is the way. There's no other fountain that can set my spirit free; I can hardly wait, one day His glor'ous face I'll see!

### Verse 3

I wanna go home with You, O God, and see my loved ones 'round the throne; Be with You in heaven and forever be at home. No more night: You'll be our light; we'll live forevermore. I can hardly wait; one day we'll meet o'er on that shore.

### Chorus

I am redeemed, I'm redeemed, I'm redeemed. By Jesus blood I am redeemed. He saved my soul and made me whole. Praise His name I am redeemed.


## Scriptures

### Psalm 107:2

- [Psalm 107:2](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20107%3A2)


## Topics

- Redemption
- Christian Life

## Stakeholders

- Conner, Jay (Composer)
- Conner, Jay (Lyricist)
- Conner, Jay (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2000 by Jay Conner. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

