# 20514 - LEAVE IT THERE

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

If the world from you withold of its silver and its gold. And you have to get along with meager fare, Just remember, in His word, how He feeds the little bird; Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there.

### Verse 2

If your body suffers pain and your health you can't regain, And your soul is almost sinking in despair, Jesus knows the pain you feel, He can save and He can heal; Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there.

### Verse 3

When your enemies assail and your heart begins to fail, Don't forget that God in heaven answers pray'r; He will make a way for you and will lead you safely thru; take your burden to the Lord and leave it there.

### Chorus

Leave it there, leave it there, Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there; If you trust and never doubt, He will surely bring you out. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there.

### Verse 4

When your youthful days are gone and old age is stealing on, And your body bends beneath the weight of care; He will never leave you then, He'll go with you to the end; Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there.


## Scriptures

- [II Timothy 1:12](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=II%20Timothy%201%3A12)

## Topics

- Burdens
- Trials/Burdens

## Stakeholders

- Tindley, C. Albert (Composer)
- Tindley, C. Albert (Lyricist)
- Public Domain (Copyright Holder)
- Tendley, Charles A.  Jr. (Arranger)

## Copyright

Public Domain
(This hymn is free to use)

## Disclaimers

None

