# 20538 - TELL THEM OF JESUS

## Notation

F - 6/4 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Walking with Jesus along life's way, Know that He'll keep me each passing day; Nothing can harm me I'll hold His hand, Some glad tomorrow I'll reach Canaan Land.

### Verse 2

Tell how He made the poor blind to see, Tell how He stilled stormy Galilee; Tell how He prayed in Gethsemane, Tell of the path to Mount Calvary.

### Verse 3

Tell how He lives and He reigns above, Tell of the depths of His wond'rous love; Tell how He's coming again some day, Tell them to hasten His will obey.

### Verse 4

Great day is coming, I'll see my King, Praises forever I'll shout and sing; There thru the ages our voices ring, When in the sunshine, eternal spring.

### Chorus

Ring out the message o'er land and sea, Unfurl the banner salvation free; Tell them of Jesus of Galilee, Tell of His love there on Calvary.


## Scriptures

### Mark 5:19

- [Mark 5:19](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Mark%205%3A19)


## Topics

- Christian Life
- Christ - Son Of God/Humanity
- Praise/Adoration

## Stakeholders

- Howard, Alton H. (Composer)
- Howard, Alton H. (Lyricist)
- Howard, Alton H. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1969 by Alton H. Howard. (Admin. by Howard Assets, LLC) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #63021.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

