# 20532 - HOW BEAUTIFUL

## Notation

Eb - 3/4 on 3 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

How beautiaful the hands that served the wine and the bread and the sons of the earth. How beautiful the feet that walked the long dusty roads and the hill to the cross. How beautiful, How beautiful How beautiful is the body of Christ. 

### Verse 2

How beautiful the radiant bride who waits for her groom with his light in her eyes. How beautiful when humble hearts give the fruit of pure lives so that others may live. How beautiful, How beautiful How beautiful is the body of Christ. 

### Verse 3

How beautiful the feet that bring the sound of good news and the love of the King, How beautiful the hands that serve the wine and the bread and the sons of the earth. How beautiful, How beautiful How beautiful is the body of Christ. And as He laid down His life, we offer this sacrifice, that we might live just as He died, Willing to pay the price, willing to pay the price.


## Scriptures

- [Matthew 26:27](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%2026%3A27)

## Topics

- Lord's Supper - Remembrance
- Christ - Sacrifice

## Stakeholders

- Paris, Twila (Composer)
- Paris, Twila (Lyricist)
- Ariose Music (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1991 by Ariose Music, (Adm. by Capitol CMG Publishing). All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #443594.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

