# 20531 - CHRIST THE KING

## Notation

G - 2/2 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Christ, the King, our Lord and Savior, lives forever and forever! His Presence with us now we celebrate! We celebrate together. Come worship God with Joy, the feast is now beginning. Let go your cares and fears, and join in praise unending.

### Verse 2

Christ, the King, our Lord and Savior, lives forever and forever! His Presence with us now we celebrate! We celebrate together. Come with a happy heart, and share it with your brother, in openness to God we seek out one another.

### Verse 3

Christ, the King, our Lord and Savior, lives forever and forever! His Presence with us now we celebrate! We celebrate together. God loves us, so be glad and show it with your voices. With songs of praise to God our common faith rejoices.


## Scriptures

### I Timothy 1:17

- [I Timothy 1:17](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Timothy%201%3A17)


## Topics

- Christ - Kingship/Lordship
- Worship

## Stakeholders

- Yantis, David (Composer)
- Yantis, David (Lyricist)
- Word Music, LLC. (Copyright Holder)
- Shepard, Dane K. (Arranger)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1970 by Word Music LLC, ( div. of Word Music Group, Inc.), All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #233364.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

