# 20530 - NOTHING, O NOTHING

## Notation

F - 6/8 on 6 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

When I see he raging ocean and the surging waves engulf me, When I lose all earthly treasure, and I tremble at their pow'r, When disease and trauma rush me pain and suff'ring is my bower, Then I trust in You my Father, and my faith grows strong in You.

### Verse 2

When my loved ones all have left me, waves of sadness then enfold me, When I'm hated, hurt and hungry and I tremble at their pow'r; When I suffer persecution, when afflicted and devoured, Then I see Your pow'r is greater and my faith becomes my all.

### Chorus

And I say Nothing, O nothing can separate me from the love God. Nothing, O nothing can separate Him from His care for me. Neither death nor life, no principalities, Neither sword nor famine, All who disagree O nothing, Absolutly nothing! Can separate me from the love of God.


## Scriptures

### Romans 8:38

- [Romans 8:38](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans%208%3A38)


## Topics

- Trust
- Faith/ Believe
- God - Powerful/Knowing/Present

## Stakeholders

- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Composer)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Lyricist)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2009 by Glenda Schales. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

