# 20536 - WE BOW DOWN

## Notation

D - 3/4 on 3 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

You are Lord of creation and Lord of my life, Lord of the land and the sea. You were Lord of the Heavens before there was time, And Lord of all lords You will be! We bow down and we worship You, Lord. We bow down and we worship You, Lord. We bow down and we worship You, Lord. Lord of all lords You will be! We bow down and we crown You the King. We bow down and we crown You the King. We bow down and we crown You the King. King of all kings You will be!

### Verse 2

You are King of creation and King of my life, King of the land and the sea. You were King of the heavens before there was time, And King of all kings You will be! We bow down and we worship You, Lord. We bow down and we worship You, Lord. We bow down and we worship You, Lord. Lord of all lords You will be! We bow down and we crown You the King. We bow down and we crown You the King. We bow down and we crown You the King. King of all kings You will be!


## Scriptures

- [John 1:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%201%3A1)

## Topics

- Christ - Kingship/Lordship
- Worship

## Stakeholders

- Paris, Twila (Composer)
- Paris, Twila (Lyricist)
- New Spring (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1984 by New Spring. (Admin. by Brentwood-Benson Music Publishing, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #20003.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

