# 20545 - ANGELS ROLLED THAT ROCK AWAY

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

They crucified our Lord on Calv'ry's rugged tree; The earth with violence shook, this awful sight to see; Confusion, then despair, what darkness ruled that day!

### Verse 2

God's promises were made to free mankind from sin; The Hope of Heaven came, a death to enter in; A borrowed tomb was His, in loneliness He lay;

### Verse 3

The angels stood on high and watched from Heaven's door; In death the Savior slept, His life God would restore; He soon from death would rise to start His glory day; 

### Chorus

Then angels came from God and rolled that rock away! When angels rolled that rock away that morning of the glory day, when angels rolled that rock away; When Mary saw the angel there, she looked up t'ward the Heavens fair when angels rolled that rock away!


## Scriptures

- [Matthew 28:2](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%2028%3A2)

## Topics

- Encouragement
- Christ - Crucifixion/Death
- Resurrection - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- Wheeler, Max (Composer)
- Wheeler, Max (Lyricist)
- James D. Vaughan, Music Publishers (Copyright Holder)
- Music Publishers/SESAC (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1990 by James D. Vaughn, Music Publishers. (Admin. by Music Services, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #847248.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

