# 20548 - THE TREASURES OF EARTH

## Notation

Eb - 6/8 on 6 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

The treasures of earth are not mine, I hold not its silver or gold; But a treasure far greater is mine. I have riches of value untold.

### Verse 2

The treasures of earth must all fail, Its riches and honor decay; But the riches of love that are mine, Even death cannot take them a way.

### Verse 3

Compared with the riches of love, The wealth of the world is but dross; I will seek but Christ Jesus to win, And for Him I count all things but loss.

### Verse 4

Come, take of the riches of Christ, Exhaustless and free is the store; Of its wonderful fulness receive, Till you hunger and thirst nevermore.

### Chorus

O, the depth of the riches of love, The riches of love in Christ Jesus! Far better than gold or wealth untold, Are the riches of love in Christ Jesus.


## Scriptures

- [I Peter 2:7](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Peter%202%3A7)

## Topics

- Love - For Christ
- Blessings

## Stakeholders

- Hartzler, H. B. (Composer)
- Hartzler, H. B. (Lyricist)
- Lillenas Publishing Co. (Copyright Holder)
- Sargent, N. B. (Arranger)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1958 by Lillenas Publishing Co. (Admin. by Music Services, Inc.) All Rights Reserved Used by Permission. CCLI Song #286524.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

