# 20550 - MAY MY LIFE BE LIKE A PRAYER

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

May my life be like a prayer, Like a fond petition to the Father fair. May it rise to heaven, fragrant sweet. May I lay it humbly at the Master's feet. May I live my life confessing, Him all heaven doth declare. May my life be like a blessing. May my life be like a prayer.

### Verse 2

May my life be like a light, Piercing through the darkness, like a beacon bright. May it rise to heaven, vision sweet. May I lay it humbly at the Pilot's feet. May I live my life confessing, Him who driveth out the night. May my life be like a blessing. May my life be like a light.

### Verse 3

May my life be like a song, Melody of angels, clear and true and strong. May it rise to heaven, anthem sweet. May I lay it humbly at the Savior's feet. May I live my life confessing, Him all glory doth belong. May my life be like a blessing. May my life be like a song.


## Scriptures

### Romans 12:1

- [Romans 12:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans%2012%3A1)


## Topics

- Christian Life
- Prayer - Exhortation

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, Anne F. (Composer)
- Stevens, Anne F. (Lyricist)
- Stevens, Anne F. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1999 by Anne F. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

