# 20558 - JONAH, DON'T RUN AWAY

## Notation

Bb - 6/8 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

God said, "Jonah, you must go To a land far away! To the land of Ninevah, Tell them they must obey!" But to Tarshish on a ship From the Lord, the Mighty Lord, he ran away!

### Verse 2

On a ship, a great big ship, Jonah hid down below; But a storm sent by the Lord Tossed the crew to and fro! "We're afraid!" the men did cry, "Who is the one to blame?" Jonah said, "I am the one, and I'm ashamed!"

### Verse 3

They tossed Jonah in the sea, That's what he said to do! And the waters ceased to roar, They became clear and blue. From the deep, the mighty deep, a great fish, God prepared! In it's tummy, Jonah was and he was scared!

### Verse 4

From the tummy of the fish, Poor Jonah cried and prayed; "Weeds are wrapped around my head! Please, save me, Lord, today! Hear my prayer, for I've been bad, I'll obey Your command!" God spoke and the fish spit Jonah on the land!

### Verse 5

Once again, the good Lord said, "Jonah, arise and go To the land of Ninevah! They have been bad and so, Tell them they must soon repent, Turn from their evil way! If they will My anger will be turned away!"

### Chorus

Don't run away! Don't run away! When God tells us what to do, We must obey! Don't run away! Don't run away! When God tells us what to do, We must obey!


## Scriptures

- [Jonah 1:17](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Jonah%201%3A17)

## Topics

- Youth - Children Songs

## Stakeholders

- Smith, Howard E. (Composer)
- Smith, Aleta (Lyricist)
- Public Domain (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Public Domain
(This hymn is free to use)

## Disclaimers

None

