# 20561 - RISE AND SHINE

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Rise, and shine, and give God the glory, glory. Rise, and shine, and give God the glory, glory. Rise, and shine, and give God the glory, glory. Soldiers of the cross.

### Verse 2

Sing with joy, and give God the glory, glory. Sing with joy, and give God the glory, glory. Sing with joy and give God the glory, glory. Soldiers of the cross.

### Verse 3

Flee from sin, and give God the glory, glory. Flee from sin, and give God the glory, glory. Flee from sin and give God the glory, glory. Soldiers of the cross.

### Verse 4

Stand for Him, and give God the glory, glory. Stand for Him, and give God the glory, glory. Stand for Him, and give God the glory, glory. Soldiers of the cross.

### Verse 5

Work with zeal, give God the glory, glory. Work with zeal, give God the glory, glory. Work with zeal and give God the glory, glory. Soldiers of the cross.

### Verse 6

Be a friend, and give God the glory, glory. Be a friend and give God the glory, glory. Be a friend and give God the glory, glory. Soldiers of the cross.

### Verse 7

Love all men, and give God the glory, glory. Love all men, and give God the glory, 


## Scriptures

- [Isaiah 60:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Isaiah%2060%3A1)

## Topics

- Warfare - Spiritual
- Youth - Children Songs

## Stakeholders

- Altizer, Rick (Composer)
- Altizer, Rick (Lyricist)
- Fuseic Music Publishing (Copyright Holder)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Arranger)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Lyricist)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1992 by 2007 Fuseic Music Publishing. Arrangement © Copyright 1992 by Glenda Barnhart Schales. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #5122102.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

