# 20581 - WHO SHALL STAND BEFORE THE KING

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

The earth is the Lord's and the fullness thereof, the world and all who dwell therein. For He hath established it upon the seas, And set it upon the floods. With His hand He hath laid the foundation of the earth and all the starry sky. And when e'er He demands that the earth and heavens stand, They rise to the Master's side. And who shall ascend into the presence of the Lord, And who shall stand with the Creator of the world? Pure in heart, they must be, who would stand before the King, and dwell with Him eternally? I will cleanse my hands, I will purify my heart; My lips His praise will ever sing, And my love will abide for the Sinless One who died, that I might stand before the King.

### Verse 2

And I shall ascend I to the presence of the Lord, And I shall stand with the Creator of the world. I will dedicate my life as a living sacrifice, that I might stand before the King.

### Coda

Who shall stand before the King? Who shall stand before the King?


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 24:3](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2024%3A3)

## Topics

- Adoration
- God - Creator

## Stakeholders

- Costa, Ivan (Composer)
- Costa, Ivan (Lyricist)
- Costa, Ivan (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2002 by Ivan Costa (BMI). All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #3939132.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

