# 20584 - HAIL TO THE SAVIOR

## Notation

E - 4/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Hail to the Savior who was nailed to the tree! Praise for His loving kindness shown there for me! Honor Him always! Honor His laws! Praise to the Savior! Lift your voice for His cause!

### Verse 2

Hail to the Savior, for His blood shed for me! Praise for forgiveness! I am saved! I am free! Tribute and homage, service and love, Give to our Savior, now in heaven above!

### Verse 3

Hail to the Savior for the cross He endured! Praise for His promise and the hope He secured! Long for His coming! Live for that day! Look up to heaven! Lift your voices and say:

### Chorus

Hail ! Hail! Jesus, our king! Praise Him forever! Lift your voices and sing! Thru endless ages "Hallelujahs" will ring! Praise Him forever, Praise our Savior and King!


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 149:2](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20149%3A2)

## Topics

- Christ - Savior
- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- King, Warren (Composer)
- King, Warren (Lyricist)
- King, Warren (Copyright Holder)
- Stringer, Michael (Arranger)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2007 by Warren King. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

