# 20583 - THE SHINING SHORE

## Notation

G - 3/4 on 3 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

My days are gliding swiftly by. And I, a pilgrim stranger, Would not detain them as they fly Those hours of toil and danger.  For now we stand on Jordan's strand, Our friends are passing over; And, just before, the shining shore We may almost discover.

### Verse 2

Our absent King, the watchword gave, "Let ev'ry lamp be burning." We look afar, across the wave, Our distant home discerning. For now we stand on Jordan's strand, Our friends are passing over; And, just before, the shining shore We may almost discover.

### Verse 3

Should coming days be dark and cold, We will not yield to sorrow, For hope willl sing with courage bold, "There's glory on the morrow!" For now we stand on Jordan's strand, Our friends are passing over; And, just before, the shining shore We may almost discover.

### Verse 4

Let storms of woe in whirlwinds rise, Each cord on earth to sever. There, bright and joyous in the skies, There is our home forever! For now we stand on Jordan's strand, Our friends are passing over; And, just before, the shining shore We may almost discover.


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 39:4](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2039%3A4)

## Topics

- Christian Life
- Heaven - Eternal Home

## Stakeholders

- Foot, George F. (Composer)
- Nelson, David (Lyricist)
- Unknown (Copyright Holder)
- Roberts, Craig (Arranger)

## Copyright

Public Domain
(This hymn is free to use)

## Disclaimers

None

