# 20586 - IS IT I, MY LORD

## Notation

Bb - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

With disciples gathered 'round Him as He neared the end of life, Jesus spoke of things that soon would come to pass. A betrayor was among them who would soon fulfill his deed, And in sorrow others all began to ask,

### Verse 2

There was one of them who trusted in the fervor of his faith, Yes, for Jesus he would gladly give his life. But the Savior knew the trials and temptations he would face, That before the cock crow, this one would deny.

### Verse 3

There are many who are doubting that the Lord was risen up. That the Savior lives their hearts cannot conceive. For until they feel the nail prints and can touch the Savior's side, Then, like Thomas, they will simply not believe.

### Chorus

Is it I? Thou who sees into my future, "Is it I?" Thou who knows the hearts of men, "Is it I?" Can I bear to hear your answer? "Is it I?" My Lord! "Is it I?"


## Scriptures

- [Matthew 26:22](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%2026%3A22)

## Topics

- Christ - Crucifixion/Death

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, Anne F. (Composer)
- Stevens, Anne F. (Lyricist)
- Stevens, Anne F. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2007 by Anne Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

