# 20593 - THE KINGDOM, LORD, IS YOURS

## Notation

E - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

At times, my Lord, I fall and scorn Your gentle reign; I hope to plot a better course, my own through joy and pain. But in the loss of hope that naught of mine restores, I bring my life to You again; The kingdom, Lord, is Yours.

### Verse 2

At times, when I succeed, I then forget Your might; I trust the strength that I possess in doing what is right. But when my strength is weak, Your strength alone endures; I move by Your sufficient grace; The power, Lord, is Yours.

### Verse 3

At times my heedless pride will drive me to obey; I think to glorify myself by doing what You say. But when I see Your light, which only sin obscures, I know the dimness of my own; The glory, Lord, is Yours.


## Scriptures

- [Matthew 6:13](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%206%3A13)

## Topics

- Adoration
- Kingdom

## Stakeholders

- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Composer)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Lyricist)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Copyright Holder)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2000 by Matt Bassford & Glenda Barnhart Schales. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

