# 20596 - REMEMBER ME, FATHER

## Notation

F - 3/4 on 3 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Remember me, Father, when this life is o'er, When struggles have ended and time is no more. A home You have promised on Jordan's fair shore, Prepared by the One who has gone on before.

### Verse 2

Revive me, O Father, create me anew To live like my Savior, to be more like You, To crucify me and the life I once knew To follow Your leading full hearted and true.

### Verse 3

Redeem me, dear Father, by His blood so pure, The blood of the Innocent given to cure My soul of its sinfulness, tattered and poor. Remember me, Father, my soul reassure.

### Chorus

O, help me, dear Father to walk as I should. So often I stumble and do as I would. Forgive me dear Father, naught in me is good. Redeem me forever by His precious blood.


## Scriptures

- [Philippians 4:6](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Philippians%204%3A6)

## Topics

- Forgiveness/Pardon
- Walking With God

## Stakeholders

- King, Warren (Composer)
- King, Warren (Lyricist)
- King, Warren (Copyright Holder)
- Stringer, Michael (Arranger)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2007 by Warren King. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

