# 20600 - I'LL PRAISE YOUR NAME

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

To You, O God, my praise I give, For in Your care I want to live. Your words created ev'rything, To praise You, Lord, I gladly sing.

### Verse 2

The rising sun, the oceans deep, The fertile soil, the foods we reap; You gave me these, You really care, I'll praise You for Your love so rare.

### Verse 3

A peaceful night to rest in bed, To read the Words that You have said, I'll praise You for the Holy book: Your will I'll learn if I just look.

### Verse 4

You gave Your Son, Your only Son, To die for me: Your will was done. Unworthily I hide my face; I'll praise You for Your saving grace.

### Verse 5

I'll sing Your praises ev'ry morn, Tho' some will frown and others scorn, I'll praise You for Your love and care; And Jesus' name I'll gladly wear.

### Chorus

I'll praise Your name; I'll praise Your name, My head held high, there will be no shame. Then after death, I'll sing always; At home, dear Lord, I'll sing Your praise.


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 86:12](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2086%3A12)

## Topics

- Praise/Adoration - Of God
- Submission

## Stakeholders

- Bradbury, William B. (Composer)
- Martin, Rozita D. (Lyricist)
- Nelson, Diana (Arranger)
- Martin, Rozita D. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Lyrics © Copyright 2007 by Rozita D. Martin. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permision.
(Copyrighted hymns not associated with CCLI & hymns of Partnership status)

## Disclaimers

Permission from the copyright owner(s) &/or administrator is required PRIOR to purchasing and downloading (for copying, printing &/or projecting) this hymn.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

