# 20603 - JUST AS I AM, I COME BROKEN

## Notation

Bb - 3/4 on 3 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Just as I am, without one plea, But that thy blood was shed for me, And that thou bids't me come to thee, O lamb of God, I come, I come. I come broken to be mended. I come wounded to be healed. I come desp'rate to be rescued, I come empty to be filled. I come guilty to be pardoned by the blood of Christ, the Lamb, And I'm welcome with open arms praise God, just as I am.

### Verse 2

Just as I am, and waiting not, To rid my soul of one dark blot. To Thee whose blood can cleanse each spot, O Lamb of God, I come, I come I come broken to be mended. I come wounded to be healed. I come desp'rate to be rescued, I come empty to be filled. I come guilty to be pardoned by the blood of Christ, the Lamb, And I'm welcome with open arms praise God, just as I am.

### Verse 3

Just as I am, I would be lost, but mercy and grace my freedom bought. And now to blory in your cross, O Lamb of God, I come, I come. I come broken to be mended. I come wounded to be healed. I come desp'rate to be rescued, I come empty to be filled. I come guilty to be pardoned by the blood of Christ, the Lamb, And I'm welcome with open arms praise God, just as I am.


## Scriptures

### Isaiah 1:18

- [Isaiah 1:18](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Isaiah%201%3A18)


## Topics

- Love - For Christ
- Christ - Sacrifice

## Stakeholders

- Elliott, Charlotte (Composer)
- Elliott, Charlotte (Lyricist)
- CCTB Music (Copyright Holder)
- Bradbury, William (Composer)
- Cottrell, Travis (Composer)
- Smith, Sue (Composer)
- Bradbury, William (Lyricist)
- Cottrell, Travis (Lyricist)
- Smith, Sue (Lyricist)
- Souder, Sam (Arranger)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2009 by CCTB Music. (Admin by Brentwood Benson Music Pub., Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI # 5635850
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

