# 20603A - JUST AS I AM, I COME BROKEN

## Notation

Bb - 3/4 on 3 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Just as I am, without one plea, But that thy blood was shed for me, And that thou bids't me come to thee, O lamb of God, I come, I come. I come broken to be mended. I come wounded to be healed. I come desp'rate to be rescued, I come empty to be filled. 

### Verse 2

Just as I am, and waiting not, To rid my soul of one dark blot. To Thee whose blood can cleanse each spot, O Lamb of God, I come, I come I come broken to be mended. I come wounded to be healed. I come desp'rate to be rescued, I come empty to be filled. 

### Verse 3

Just as I am, I would be lost, but mercy and grace my freedom bought. And now to blory in your cross, O Lamb of God, I come, I come. I come broken to be mended. I come wounded to be healed. I come desp'rate to be rescued, I come empty to be filled. I come


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 34:18](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2034%3A18)

## Topics

- Love - For Christ
- Christ - Sacrifice

## Stakeholders

- Bradbury, William (Composer)
- Smith, Sue (Composer)
- Cottrell, Travis (Composer)
- Elliott, Charlotte (Lyricist)
- Moffitt, David (Lyricist)
- Smith, Sue (Lyricist)
- Cottrell, Travis (Lyricist)
- Rogers, Mike (Arranger)
- Lancaster, Keith (Arranger)
- The Acappella Company (Copyright Holder)
- Universal Music - Brentwood Benson Publishing (Copyright Holder)
- CCTB Music (Copyright Holder)
- First Hand Revelation (Copyright Holder)
- Moffitt, David (Composer)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2015 by The Acappella Company, Universal Music, CCTB Music, & First Hand Revelation. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #5635850.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

