# 20612 - VOICES ARE CALLING

## Notation

F - 9/8 on 7 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Oft when the twilight gathers around me, Clear, in the shadows, faces I see; Deep in the stillness voices are calling, Loved ones are calling, calling for me.

### Verse 2

Friends of the past, whom often I've greeted, Here as they journeyed, even as I; Lovingly wait and watch for my coming, With them to share the glories on high.

### Verse 3

Many are gone, who here were my kindred, To the abode of spirits made free; They, with  my Lord and all His redeemed ones, Longingly wait and beckon for me.

### Chorus

Sweetly they're calling, lovingly calling, Those whom I loved, so happy and free; Out from the shining portals of glory, Loved ones are calling, calling for me.


## Scriptures

### Revelation 14:13

- [Revelation 14:13](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%2014%3A13)


## Topics

- Funeral Selections
- Invitation
- Reward

## Stakeholders

- Teddlie, Tillit S. (Composer)
- Teddlie, Tillit S. (Lyricist)
- Bridge Building Music, Inc. (Copyright Holder)
- IN BABILONE (Lyricist)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1938 by Bridge Building Music, Inc. (Admin. by Brentwood-Benson Music Publishing, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #1355234.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

