# 20614 - LIFT UP YOUR HEART

## Notation

B - 4/4 on 3+ - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Lift up your heart to our dear Savior; Lift up your heart in joyful song. To thank Him for salvation, For love so deep and strong. He is our hope, our future, And he will reign forever more; So lift your heart to our dear Savior; Dear Jesus, we adore!

### Verse 2

Lift up your heart to our dear Savior; Lift up your voice in  joyful song! To Him our praise and honor and Glory all belong. With awesome love and power He guides us now and evermore; So lift your voice to our dear Savior; Dear Jesus, we adore!

### Verse 3

Lift up your soul to our dear Savior; Lift up your soul in joyful song! With mercy and great kindness He rescues us from wrong. From certain condemnation To lofty heights, with Him to soar; So lift your soul to our dear Savior; Dear Jesus, we adore!

### Verse 4

Lift up your praise to our dear Savior; Lift up you praise in joyful song! We magnify and serve Him; O come and sing along! We'll sing and tell the story Of Jesus Christ forevermore; So lift your praise to our dear Savior; Dear Jesus, we adore!

### Coda

So lift your praise to our dear Savior; Dear Jesus, we adore!


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 68:4](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2068%3A4)

## Topics

- Heart
- Praise/Adoration

## Stakeholders

- Nelson, Diana (Composer)
- Dunkleman, Al (Composer)
- Nelson, Diana (Lyricist)
- Dunkleman, Al (Lyricist)
- Nelson, Diana (Copyright Holder)
- Dunkleman, Al (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2014 by Diana Nelson & Al Dunkleman. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

