# 20619 - TEAR AFTER TEAR

## Notation

Gb - 2/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Tear after tear the Lord wept in sorrow While in the garden praying alone. Grieving in anguish He contemplated Death on the cross, my sin to atone.

### Verse 2

Curse after curse was shouted by mockers, Placing a crown of thorns on his head. Tho' He was guiltless, they showed no mercy, Scourging the Lamb of God in my stead.

### Verse 3

Blow after blow, the rough nails were pounded, Tearing His flesh with unyielding pain. Beating in time, the brutal percussion Echoed my guilt in haunting refrain.

### Verse 4

Drop after drop He poured out His lifeblood. Weaker He grew with each passing breath. Mine were the sins for which He was dying. I was the one deserving of death.

### Verse 5

Tear after tear gave way to rejoicing After an angel rolled back the stone. Death could not triumph over the Savior, Nor could the grave deny Him His throne.

### Verse 6

Day after day I strive to be like Him. Step after step I follow His ways. Pray'r after pray'r I raise to His glory. Song after song I sing to His praise.


## Scriptures

- [Luke 22:44](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Luke%2022%3A44)

## Topics

- Christ - Sacrifice
- Lord's Supper - Remembrance
- Cross

## Stakeholders

- Gardner, Jon (Composer)
- Gardner, Jon (Lyricist)
- Gardner, Jon (Copyright Holder)
- Peirce, Aneva (Composer)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2014 by Jon Gardner. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

