# 20616 - SUCH WONDERFUL LOVE

## Notation

F - 3/4 on 3 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

At the crossing of Jordan when time's no more, When the morning shall break on eternity's shore; Just to live in His love when the race is won, Just to hear His glad welcome, "My servant, well done."

### Verse 2

No more tears and no night in that mansion fair, And the street is of gold in that city foursquare, Who am I to inherit that home above? Who am I to receive such unmerited love?

### Verse 3

When I stand in His likeness before the throne, In the day I shall know as I also am known, I will bow at the feet of the great "I AM" With the chorus on high singing, "Worthy the Lamb!"

### Chorus

Such wonderful love, such infinite grace, Tho' now I see dimly, but then face to face. In the light of His presence, redeemed and whole, With the River of Life flowing over my soul!


## Scriptures

### Revelation 22:1

- [Revelation 22:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%2022%3A1)


## Topics

- Love - Of Christ
- Praise/Adoration

## Stakeholders

- Hughes, Tim (Composer)
- Hughes, Marva L. (Lyricist)
- Hughes, Marva L. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2004 by Marva L. Hughes. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #609331.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

