# 20615 - HELP ME, JESUS

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Help me Jesus, as I struggle to seek comfort in Your Word. Help me Keep my heart and mind always list'ning that Your comfort may be heard. Teach me that When that still small voice is speaking; and that When my soul for You is seeking, When I come to You outreaching, Help me, Jesus, as I struggle to seek comfort in Your Word.

### Verse 2

Help me, Jesus, when I stumble, to reach out a trusting hand. Knowing that my eyes fixed upon You give me strength I need to stand. Teach me that When my faith begins to waver, When the cares of life I favor, When Your love I fail to savor, Help me, Jesus, when I stumble to reach out a trusting hand.

### Verse 3

Help me, Jesus, as I'm walking, help me guide my steps that I don't stray. Help me Spread Your precious gift of forgiveness to the lost along the way. Teach me that I am blessed beyond all measure. And that All is Yours, You are my treasure. Serving You each day, my pleasure, Help me, Jesus, as I'm walking, guide my steps that I don't stray.


## Scriptures

### Mark 9:24

- [Mark 9:24](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Mark%209%3A24)


## Topics

- Comfort/Encouragement
- Word Of God/Bible

## Stakeholders

- Donahue, Sheila (Composer)
- Donahue, Sheila (Lyricist)
- Donahue, Sheila (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2008 by Sheila Donahue. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(Copyrighted hymns not associated with CCLI & hymns of Partnership status)

## Disclaimers

Permission from the copyright owner(s) &/or administrator is required PRIOR to purchasing and downloading (for copying, printing &/or projecting) this hymn.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

