# 20618 - THE ISRAEL OF GOD

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

We are the seed of heaven That You have sown abroad, An everlasting kingdom, The Israel of God. For You are our Redeemer, And we, Your chosen race; Both God and man, united In covenant of grace.

### Verse 2

By grace You brought our fathers Into their promised land, Their guide, Your cloud and pillar, Their strength, Your mighty hand. Now we who dwell in blessing Still prosper by Your care, Your guidance, strength, and promise, The answer to each prayer.

### Verse 3

May fire from law and precept Be lit within our hearts, A flame of faith and purpose From words that You impart. And may Your cloudly pillar Give shelter from a bove, A canopy of glory, Of holiness, and love.

### Verse 4

Continue, God, our Father, To bless our work, we pray; Confirm us when we serve You; Recall us If we stray. For we are Yours, though feeble, And wish to serve, though flawed; We are Your only people, And you, our only God.


## Scriptures

- [Galatians 6:16](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Galatians%206%3A16)

## Topics

- Guidance
- Word Of God/Bible

## Stakeholders

- Bassford, Matthew W. (Lyricist)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Copyright Holder)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Composer)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Lyricist)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2000 by Glenda Barnhart Schales. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

