# 20625 - TILL MY FINAL DAY HAS COME

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Let me rise before the dawn to labor, Let me fill each moment of the day. Let me work in fields white unto harvest, 'Ere all time and harvest slip away. Let me work while day is still adawning For when night has come all work is done. Let me work, truly work, for the Master. Let me work, till my final day has come.

### Verse 2

Let me humbly yield to those who lead me, Let me humbly lead those in my care. Let me know humility like Jesus, As he died for lost men ev'rywhere. "Tho He knew the cup of death was bitter, Yet He humbly cried, "Thy will be done!" Let me yield, truly yield, like the Master. Let me yield, till my final day has come.

### Verse 3

Let me have a gentile, quiet spirit, Let me have a heart of love for all. Let me hold the hands of those who stumble, Let me lift the hands of those who fall. Let me be a blessing to my neighbor, And my foe thru charity be won. Let me serve, truly serve, like the Master. Let me serve, till my final day has come.


## Scriptures

- [John 9:4](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%209%3A4)

## Topics

- Death
- Work And Service

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, Anne F. (Composer)
- Stevens, Anne F. (Lyricist)
- Stevens, Anne F. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2005 by Anne Finley Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

