# 20628 - PLACE A HEDGE AROUND ME

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Place a hedge around me, Lord. Protect me from all harm. I long to dwell in safety underneath Your sheltering arm. Battles raging all around, the noise, a deaf'ning roar, as Satan ever wrestles for my soul, a fierce, relentless war.

### Verse 2

Lead me from the battlefield to quiet pastureland, secured, enclosed, surrounded, comforted with Your loving hand. Place a hedge around me, Lord, a buffer for my soul, as refuge from life's trials on the way to my eternal goal.

### Verse 3

Filled with strength and courage new, Your word my constant guide, I now can face the battle fearlessly with You by my side. There are others in distress: They search to find their way. Please use me, spend me, send me as You will to lead them home today.


## Scriptures

### Psalm 139:5

- [Psalm 139:5](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20139%3A5)


## Topics

- Providence/Care Of God
- Refuge/Rest

## Stakeholders

- Dow, Diana (Composer)
- Dow, Diana (Lyricist)
- Dow, Diana (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2014 by Diana Dow. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

