# 20621 - THERE'S NO TIME IN HEAVEN

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 4+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Our days quickly come and nights swiftly go; We rush thru this life and don't even know That time here on earth is just a passing thing, But there's not time Heaven eternally.

### Verse 2

Our lives here are filled with sadness and fear; We struggle in vain and waste precious years; We long for a time when worries from us flew, But that time is in Heaven eternally.

### Verse 3

Our mem'ries are dear, They keep loved ones near; They've gone on before, We've cried many tears; But it won't be long 'til with them we will be, And that time is in Heaven eternally.

### Chorus

There's no time in Heaven, no days, no weeks, no years; There's no time in Heaven, no sadness or tears; We'll walk in the sunlight and with our Savior be, For there's no time in Heaven eternally.

### Verse 4

The Truth, you will find will bring peace of mind; When walking by faith, we let our light shine; I'm filled with the hope His promise brings to me, For that time is in Heaven eternally.


## Scriptures

### II Peter 3:8

- [II Peter 3:8](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=II%20Peter%203%3A8)


## Topics

- Eternal Life
- Heaven - Eternal Home

## Stakeholders

- Jennings, Melea (Composer)
- Jennings, Melea (Lyricist)
- Rainwater, Brian (Arranger)
- Jennings, Melea (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2002  by Melea Jennings. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(Copyrighted hymns not associated with CCLI & hymns of Partnership status)

## Disclaimers

Permission from the copyright owner(s) &/or administrator is required PRIOR to purchasing and downloading (for copying, printing &/or projecting) this hymn.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

