# 20626 - THAT YOUR LOVE MAY ABOUND

## Notation

G - 3/4 on 3 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

A pray'r was once penned for the saints long ago. I will pray it for you serving God here below. That your love may abound, may abound more and more, thru discernment and knowledge, His word is adored.

### Verse 2

A pray'r was once penned for the saints long ago. I will pray it for you as God's blessings o'erflow. That your love may abound, may abound more and more as you prove all things excellent, truth is restored.

### Verse 3

A pray'r was once penned for the saints long ago. I will pray it for you who are longing to grow: That your love may abound, may abound more and more, as sincere righteous servants, His love is outpoured.

### Verse 4

A pray'r was once penned for the saints long ago. I will pray it for you that His love you may know. That your love may abound, may abound more and more, to the glory and praise of our Savior and Lord.


## Scriptures

- [Philippians 1:9](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Philippians%201%3A9)

## Topics

- Love
- Word Of God/Bible

## Stakeholders

- Dow, Diana (Composer)
- Dow, Diana (Lyricist)
- Shepard, Dane K. (Arranger)
- Dow, Diana (Copyright Holder)
- Nelson, Diana (Lyricist)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2015 by Diana Dow. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

