# 20633 - TO BE WITH YOU

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 4+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Dear Lord, I now address You, and tell You I can't see, How You could give Your precious life for a human wretch like me. But if it would be possible to thank You face to face, I would give a million worlds like this to be with You in that place.

### Verse 2

Please hear my pray'r, My Savior, and please don't make it long, Till I can live and share with You the feelings of this song. 'Cause I'm so weak and sinful O, who else could plead my case I would give a million worlds like this to be with You in that place.

### Verse 3

Be kind to me, O Father, when Judgment Day draws near. I'll serve You and I'll praise Your name while I am waiting here. And if I could be honored just to gaze upon Your face I would give a million worlds like this to be with You in that place. I would give a million worlds like this to be with You in that place.


## Scriptures

### John 14:2

- [John 14:2](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%2014%3A2)


## Topics

- Christ - Sacrifice
- Heaven - Eternal Home

## Stakeholders

- Lancaster, Keith (Composer)
- Lancaster, Keith (Lyricist)
- Anthony K. Music (Copyright Holder)
- Partain, Don (Arranger)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1988 by Anthony K. Music. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #291791.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

