# 20630 - I DO BELIEVE

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

I come to Thee with outstretched arms and open heart; Lord, hear my plea. Give me the strength I need to start a life anew, a child of God where I will be a servant who with all the saints will worship Thee.

### Verse 2

I do believe that Jesus is the Son of God And surely know His virgin birth of long ago. I will declare the Bible tells His holy plan I know in there salvation is for ev'ry man.

### Verse 3

I do believe God gave His one and only son To die upon the cruel cross for ev'ryone. I testify that Jesus rose up from the grave I can't deny He did it all  my soul to save.

### Verse 4

I humbly bow repenting of my sins today; Forgive me now, O Lord, please wash them all away. My life I give to always serve and worship You, Help me to live that others will obey You, too.


## Scriptures

### Mark 9:24

- [Mark 9:24](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Mark%209%3A24)


## Topics

- Believe
- Obedience

## Stakeholders

- Thomas, Nancy (Composer)
- Thomas, Nancy (Lyricist)
- Thomas, Nancy (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2005 by Nancy Thomas. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

