# 20652 - FOR I'M JUST A CHILD

## Notation

F - 3/4 on 3 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

So softly and tenderly, Graciously speaking, The voice of the Master is heard far below, By souls all a'hunger that long His appearing, By souls all a'thirst for His goodness to know.

### Verse 2

As soft as the moonbeams o'er mountains appearing, As soft as the sunlight thru dawn breaking fair. Likewise are the ways of my Lord in His beauty, Likewise are the blessings I see ev'rywhere.

### Verse 3

O Lord see my needings before I may know them. Let my ways be Your ways as Your ways I see. Be Thou my True Master, Let me know no other, Be Thou my true keeper, Be these unto me.

### Verse 4

For I am a child and in need of Thy keeping, Without You I'd falter and I'd lose my way, And I'd lose my soul into darkness assuredly, Except that You'd show me, My way ev'ry day.


## Scriptures

- [Galatians 3:26](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Galatians%203%3A26)

## Topics

- Child Of God
- Faith/ Believe

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2007 by O. E. Landrum & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

