# 20659 - BECAUSE HE CONSENTED

## Notation

F - 6/4 on 6 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Consenting was Jesus, to leave all His glory, To come to the earth from His Father up there; To come with His love and His grace and be hated, Despised tho' His goodness was seen ev'rywhere.

### Verse 2

Consenting to death that His blood be my cleansing, For joy I must cry for the feeling within; A feeling of trust that His grace be sufficient, To take all my sorrows, and cleanse me from sin.

### Verse 3

To cleanse even you that your soul be not wanting, As out of the heavens we see Him descend; Saying, come ye, my children, There's waiting a mansion, there's joy in My Kingdom, that never shall end.

### Chorus

Because He consented, Bcause He consented, My soul may rejoice that He sanctified me; Because He consented, Because He consented, My sins are all taken and I may go free.


## Scriptures

### John 17:5

- [John 17:5](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%2017%3A5)


## Topics

- Christ - Sacrifice
- Grace
- Heaven

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2003 by O. E. Landrum and R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

