# 20656 - YOURS IS TODAY

## Notation

F - 3/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Have you not known of blood for your cleansing? Is it not said your soul oculd be free? Free from all care And soul rending anguish, Free from all darkness, Light but to see. Free from all darkness. Light but to see.

### Verse 2

Free as a dove, In flight o'er the mountains, Free ever trusting, all will be well, Knowing the Master, Lord of the living, Lord of the living, Loves you e'en still. Lord of the living. Loves you e'en still.

### Verse 3

Wait not the morrow, Time is but fleeting, Fleeting as waters, Drifting away. Yours is today assured by the Master, Time for your answer, Yours is today. Time for your answer, Yours is today.


## Scriptures

### Hebrews 3:15

- [Hebrews 3:15](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Hebrews%203%3A15)


## Topics

- Heart
- Obedience

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2011 by O. E. Landrum & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

