# 20661 - YOUR FIRST LOVE TO RENEW

## Notation

C - 6/4 on 6 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Where is the blessedness I knew when first I saw my Lord? Where is the soul's refreshing view, Of Jesus and His Word? What peaceful hours I once enjoyed, How sweet, their mem'ries still; But they have left an aching void, This world can never fill.

### Verse 2

Where is my God whom I adored? Does He no longer see? When e'er I lie awake and cry, Does He give ear to me? O conscience you have felt my pain, and seen my bitter tears, And seen within my sinful soul, A hot of awesome fears.

### Verse 3

And oft I've heard You say to me, "You're naught but just astray," "It's you who sought the darkest path  and spurned the brightest way;' And oft have said "Repent and turn while time belongs to you." "The hand of God will touch your soul, Your first love to renew."


## Scriptures

### Revelation 2:4

- [Revelation 2:4](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%202%3A4)


## Topics

- Comfort/Encouragement
- Renewal/Revival - Of Believers

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2007 by O. E. Landrum & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

