# 20662 - LIFT ME UP

## Notation

Db - 3/4 on 3 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

When my trials are deep, my blessed Lord I seek Thy great hand to lift me up. Keep me strong the whole day long. In Thy peace, O let me sleep; Lift me up, Lift me up, my precious Lord. Lift me up, Let me stand In the face of Satan's hand; In my faith will I see Thy work so grand Grant to me the Spirit's guide; When in doubt, in Thee I'll hide Lift me up, Lift me up, my precious Lord.

### Verse 2

As I walk trails of fear, my blessed Lord be near, For temptations are near by; Hold my hand, O hear my cry Yes, I know that I must try; Lift me up, Lift me up, my precious Lord. Lift me up, Let me stand In the face of Satan's hand; In my faith will I see Thy work so grand Grant to me the Spirit's guide; When in doubt, in Thee I'll hide Lift me up, Lift me up, my precious Lord.

### Verse 3

Angels coming for me to take me home with Thee When my earthly life is o'er. Hallelujah, praise Thy name; No more sorrow, no more pain. Lift me up, Lift me up, my precious Lord. Lift me up, Let me stand In the face of Satan's hand; In my faith will I see Thy work so grand Grant to me the Spirit's guide; When in doubt, in Thee I'll hide Lift me up, Lift me up, my precious Lord.


## Scriptures

### Psalm 40:1

- [Psalm 40:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2040%3A1)


## Topics

- Encouragement
- Temptation

## Stakeholders

- Adams, Julie (Composer)
- Adams, Julie (Lyricist)
- Adams, Julie (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2005 by Julie Adams. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

