# 20678 - BALM FOR MY SOUL

## Notation

Eb - 6/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

King of all kings, and Lord of all lords, Lord of my very own being. Knowing my heart and knowing my soul, With all of His graces revealing. He giveth me all that I'm needing; Letting me see when darkness invades me. Drying my tears, And balm for my spirit, Balm for my soul and ever will be.

### Verse 2

King of all kings, how great is His name; Greatest that ever was spoken. Greater than all that ever was known, Enough to mend all that I've broken. The angels are singing His praises, Voices of gladness tell of His greatness; Making me know, My Lord is beside me, Even more closely as twilight draws near.

### Verse 3

King of all kings, and Lord of all lords; Holiest of all that's Holy. God hath proclaimed my Lord is His own, and worthy of praise and all glory. Yet, gave Him to die for my cleansing; Gladness replacing all of my sorrows. All that I have, My Lord has provided, All of my longings thru Him are complete.


## Scriptures

- [Malachi 4:2](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Malachi%204%3A2)

## Topics

- Christ - Kingship/Lordship
- Healing - Spiritual

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2006 by O. E. Landrum & R. J. Stevens. All Rgihts Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

