# 20680 - AS A LAMB TO THE SLAUGHTER

## Notation

F - 3/4 on 3 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

As a Lamb unto the slaughter was our dear Lord Jesus led. He was oppessed and sore afflicted and for our sins Jesus bled. For it pleased the Lord to bruise Him, and to put on Him our grief. So He laid our sins upon Him, now from guilt there is relief!

### Verse 2

As a sheep before the shearer Jesus uttered not a word. He gave no answer to false charges, No defense was ever heard. Surely Christ has borne our sorrows was acquainted with our grief. Yet we hid our faces from Him, Gave no tho't for our Lord's grief.

### Verse 3

For our sins was Jesus wounded Tho' we turned to our own way. O, we despised and we rejected. All like sheep had gone astray. With His stripes doth Jesus heal us, our chastisement is on Him. May we turn our eyes to Jesus, for salvation is in Him.


## Scriptures

- [Isaiah 53:4](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Isaiah%2053%3A4)

## Topics

- Christ - Lamb Of God
- Salvation

## Stakeholders

- Gregory, Joe (Composer)
- Gregory, Joe (Lyricist)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)
- Gregory, Joe (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2003 by Joe Gregory. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

