# 20687 - HOW DEEP THE FATHER'S LOVE

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

How deep the Father's love for us! How vast beyond all measure! That He should give His only Son to make a wretch His treasure! How great the pain of searing loss! The Father turns His face away As wounds which are the Chosen One bring many sons to glory.

### Verse 2

Behold the Man upon the cross, My sin upon His shoulders; Ashamed I hear my mocking voice call out among the scoffers. It was my sin that held Him there Until it was accomplished. His dying breath has bro't me life; I know that it is finished.

### Verse 3

I will not boast in anything: No gifts, no pow'r, no wisdom; But I will boast in Jesus Christ, His death and resurrection. Why should I gain from His reward? I cannot give an answer. But this I know with all my heart His wounds have paid my ransom.


## Scriptures

- [I John 4:10](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20John%204%3A10)

## Topics

- Love - Of God
- Christ - Sacrifice

## Stakeholders

- Townend, Stuart (Composer)
- Townend, Stuart (Lyricist)
- Christian, Rayan (Arranger)
- Thankyou Music (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1995 by Thank You Music. (Admin. by  Capitol CMG Publishing. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #1558110.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

