# 20682 - YOUR HOLINESS

## Notation

Bb - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Your Holiness, Your Holiness, Each day my tho'ts drift unto this. Your choice O Lord, To not exclude, Your place there on the cruel rood, From there to pray for heathen kind, Who know but hate with hearts resigned, To crucify Your Holiness. How could You Jesus not resist?

### Verse 2

You faced that wild and foolish crew, Without one soul defending You. With none to say, "Leave Him alone, He truly is Jehovah's own." But Lord, the rood you chose to bear, Had sins of man all clinging there, You made our sins Your very own, And Yours since God created man.

### Verse 3

How could You walk that bitter way, For me and other folk that stray, Who seem to spurn Your precious grace, No long to see Your Holy face? We ask but Lord, we surely know, I was Yours to pay the debt we owe, It was Yours to bleed for ev'ry sin, And Yours since God created man.


## Scriptures

- [Revelation 15:4](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%2015%3A4)

## Topics

- Christ - Crucifixion/Death
- God - Holiness

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2009 by O. E. Landrum & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

