# 20686 - CHRIST IS OUR LORD

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Christ, the Lord, was born in a stable; Inside a city called Bethlehem. Little Babe in a lowly manger, But He was Lord 'fore the world began.

### Chorus

Christ, the Lord, He is our Savior; Lamb of God! Son of man! Christ, the Lord, is our Redeemer. He reigns in heav'n at His Father's right hand.

### Verse 2

Christ, the Lord, fed many people, Healing the sick by His mighty hand. Tho He did many signs and wonders, He came to earth for a greater plan.

### Verse 3

Christ, the Lord is our Redemer, He took away all the sins of man. 'Tween two theives Jesus died on Calv'ry; Rose from the grave to live again.

### Verse 4

Christ, the Lord, enthroned in heaven, Waiting the day to come back again. On that day ev'ry eye will see Him; Both saved and lost, ev'ry knee shall bend.

### Coda

Christ the King! He is our Lord!


## Scriptures

- [Romans 14:9](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans%2014%3A9)

## Topics

- Christ - Life/Ministry
- Christ - Savior
- Christ - Second Coming

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Hawkins, Carri Mullins (Lyricist)
- Hawkins, Carri (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2001 by Carri Hawkins & R. J. Stevens, Owners. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

