# 20685 - YOU'LL BE WAITING THERE

## Notation

C - 4/4 on 4+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

When You've heard my last petition and You've dried my final tear, Pray,m y soul, You'll bear o'er yonder, hold my weary spirit dear. That you'd comfort those, my loved ones. Heal, O Lord, their bitter pain, And as oft as grief assails them, heal them Father, once again.

### Verse 2

Lord, I cannot kow but gladness for my many joyous days, But such pleasantness is shaded by my hateful, sinful ways. When You've seen me last assemble, and You've heard my final prayer, You'll be near and close beside me; Lord, I know I'll see You there.

### Verse 3

You'll be there to see me passing when I go beyond this shore; When my feet shall touch the waters I'll be with Thee evermore. Just to sing eternal praises, yonder where the saints shall be; Just beyond yon rushing river, You'll be waiting there for me.


## Scriptures

- [Philippians 1:23](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Philippians%201%3A23)

## Topics

- Christ - Comforter
- Comfort/Encouragement

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1999 by O. E. Landrum & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

