# 20697 - REMEMBER YOUR CREATOR, JOSIAH

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 3+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Won't you remember your Creator in the days of your youth? Won't you remember your Creator in the days of your youth? If you remember Him before you're grown, He'll bless you more than you can know. Remember your Creator in the days of your youth.

### Verse 2

Josiah remembered his Creator in the days of his youth. Josiah remembered his Creator in the days of his youth. When he found God's word and read all of it, he smashed the idols into bits, and taught the people that they must serve God alone.

### Verse 3

Won't you remember your Creator in the days of your youth? Won't you remember your Creator in the days of your youth? If you start now to serve your God above, He'll use you in His work of love. Remember your Creator in the days of your youth.


## Scriptures

### II Kings 23:2

- [II Kings 23:2](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=II%20Kings%2023%3A2)


## Topics

- Bible
- Youth - Children Songs

## Stakeholders

- Dow, Diana (Composer)
- Dow, Diana (Lyricist)
- Dow, Diana (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2009 by Diana Dow. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

