# 20691 - I'LL MEET YOU IN THE MORNING

## Notation

Eb - 6/8 on 5 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

I will meet you in the morning, by the bright river side, When all sorrow has drifted away; I'll be standing at the portals, when the gates open wide, At the close of life's long, dreary day.

### Verse 2

I will meet you in the morning, in the sweet by and by, And exchange the old cross for a crown; There will be no disappointments and nobody shall die, In that land, when life's sun goeth down.

### Verse 3

I will meet you in the morning, at the end of the way, On the streets of that City of gold; Where we all can be together and be happy for aye, While the years and the ages shall roll.

### Chorus

I'll meet you in the morning, with a "How do you do?" and we'll sit down by the river, And with rapture "auld" acquaintance renew; You'll know me in the morning, By the smiles that I wear, When I meet you in the morning, In the City that is built foursquare.


## Scriptures

- [Revelation 22:2](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%2022%3A2)

## Topics

- Eternal Life
- Heaven

## Stakeholders

- Brumley, Albert E. (Composer)
- Brumley, Albert E. (Lyricist)
- Albert E. Brumley & Sons (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1936 by Hartford Music Co. Renewal 1964 by Albert E. Brumley & Sons. (Admin. By ClearBox Rights, LLC). All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song # 41824.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

