# 20695 - REMEMBER YOUR CREATOR, DAVID

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 3+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Won't you remember your Creator in the days of your youth? Won't you remember your Creator in the days of your youth? If you remember Him before you're grown, He'll bless you more than you can know. Remember your Creator in the days of your youth.

### Verse 2

David remembered his Creator in the days of his youth. David remembered his Creator in the days of his youth. He did not fear the giant big and tall but trusted God would make him fall, and God made him the great king over Israel.

### Verse 3

Won't you remember your Creator in the days of your youth? Won't you remember your Creator in the days of your youth? If you start now to serve your God above, He'll use you in His work of love. Remember your Creator in the days of your youth.


## Scriptures

### I Samuel 17:45

- [I Samuel 17:45](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Samuel%2017%3A45)


## Topics

- Bible
- Youth - Children Songs

## Stakeholders

- Dow, Diana (Composer)
- Dow, Diana (Lyricist)
- Dow, Diana (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2009 by Diana Dow. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

