# 20694 - REMEMBER YOUR CREATOR, TIMOTHY

## Notation

G - 4/2 on 3+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Won't you remember your Creator in the days of your youth? Won't you remember your Creator in the days of your youth? If you remember Him before you're grown, He'll bless you more than you can know. Remember your Creator in the days of your youth.

### Verse 2

Timothy remembered his Creator in the days of his youth. Timothy remembered his Creator in the days of his youth. He learned to love God when he was real small. He loved Him when he grew up tall. And Paul taught him to teach the lost to believe in God.

### Verse 3

Won't you remember your Creator in the days of your youth? Won't you remember your Creator in the days of your youth? If you start now to serve your God above, He'll use you in His work of love. Remember your Creator in the days of your youth.


## Scriptures

### I Timothy 4:12

- [I Timothy 4:12](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Timothy%204%3A12)


## Topics

- Bible
- Youth - Children Songs

## Stakeholders

- Dow, Diana (Composer)
- Dow, Diana (Lyricist)
- Dow, Diana (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2009 by Diana Dow. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

