# 20700 - YOU HAVE PROMISED

## Notation

G - 6/4 on 6 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

There's a place in the meadow of Glory, that my Lord has prepared long ago. He has said there's a shade, Where no sorrows invade. He has promised and I surely know. There's a place in the meadow up yonder, That by faith in our Lord we may see, If the word we obey, He will show us the way. He has promised and I know it's for me.

### Verse 2

There's a place in the meadow of Heaven, Where Your children no more there shall grieve. Be it sooner or late, You will open the gate. You have promised and Lord I believe. I believe in that meadow, Alleluia, I believe more than ever before, But I don't know the season my soul will go free, And to fly to that evergreen shore.


## Scriptures

### John 14:2

- [John 14:2](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%2014%3A2)


## Topics

- Heaven
- Promises Of God

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2008 by O. E. Landrum & R.J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

