# 20709 - FATHER, HELP US REMEMBER

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

O Father, help us remember, Your abundant mercy and grace; Christ dying for our salvation, And suff'ring for sin in our place. His example for our weak footsteps, When Satan would lead us astray, And His resolve to do Your will, That we might live with Yo

### Verse 2

O Father, help us remember, We are brothers in Your dear Son; We owe love's debt to each other Help, care, till the victory's won. There are those in sin all around us Who need us to show them the way. Is Jesus living in our lives, Sweet fellowship with Him each day?

### Verse 3

O Father, help us remember We must stand before Your great throne; Our book of life will be opened, Our words and our secrets are known. There'll be anguish for those found wanting, "Depart thou from Me," Christ will say. If true and faithful to the end, Eternal joy on Judgment day.


## Scriptures

### II Peter 1:12

- [II Peter 1:12](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=II%20Peter%201%3A12)


## Topics

- Christ - Crucifixion/Death
- Remember

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Hartsell, Huey P. (Lyricist)
- Hartsell, Huey P. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1997 by Huey P. Hartsell & R. J. Stevens, Owners. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

