# 20712 - HOLD ON, DEAR FRIEND

## Notation

Bb - 6/4 on 6 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Hold on, hold on to the word you have heard; For the word will see you thru. You may bear a heavy load trav'ling to your new abode; Hold on, dear friend, hold on!

### Verse 2

Hold on, hold on to the love given you; For you know He loves you so. To this cross He went to die To give you a home on high. Hold on, dear friend, hold on!

### Verse 3

Hold on, hold on, you must think Calvary Where He suffered just for you. There He drank the bitter cup, wore a crown and gave it up; Hold on, dear friend, hold on!

### Chorus

Your burden may be hard to bear; Keep your eye on the crown you'll wear. You must hold the Savior's hand. He will lead to heaven's land. Hold on, dear friend, hold on!


## Scriptures

- [II Timothy 4:7](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=II%20Timothy%204%3A7)

## Topics

- Love - For God
- Repentance

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)
- Black, James P. (Composer)
- Black, James P. (Lyricist)
- Black, James P. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2008 by James P. Black . All Rights Reserved. Used  Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

