# 20711 - LET IT BE SAID OF US

## Notation

C - 3/4 on 3 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Let it be said of us that the Lord was our passion, that with gladness we bore ev'ry cross we were given, that we fought the good fight, that we finished the course, Knowing within us the pow'r of the risen Lord.

### Verse 2

Let it be said of us: We were marked by forgiveness, we were known by our love and delighted in meekness, we were ruled by His peace, heeding unity's call, Joined as one body that Christ would be seen by all.

### Chorus

Let the cross be our glory and the Lord be our song, by mercy made holy, by the Spirit made strong. Let the cross be our glory and the Lord be our song 'til the likeness of Jesus be thru us made known. Let the cross be our glory and the Lord be our song.


## Scriptures

- [II Timothy 4:7](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=II%20Timothy%204%3A7)

## Topics

- Christian Life
- Discipleship

## Stakeholders

- Fry, Steve (Composer)
- Fry, Steve (Lyricist)
- Word Music, LLC. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1994, 1999 by Word Music, LLC. (a div. of Word Music Group, Inc.) Universal Music - Brentwood Benson Publishing. (Admin. By Brentwood-Benson Music Publishing, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #1855882.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

