# 20710 - THE BLOOD THAT STAINED THE OLD RUGGED CROSS

## Notation

G - 6/8 on 6 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

On the cross of Calvary our blessed Savior died, Gve His life to save the world from loss; In His pain and agony, for ev'ry sin to hide, Shed the blood that stained the old rugged cross.

### Verse 2

To the Cross, the rugged cross they nailed His precious hands, And in death He fully paid the cost, There is pardon in His love for ev'ry one that stands For the blood that stained the old rugged cross.

### Verse 3

What an awful death He died to pardon you and me, All alone in agony He tossed, And a world once lost in sin can now be wholly free By the blood that stained the old rugged cross.

### Chorus

T'was His blood, His precious blood that stained the old rugged cross, T'was His love that paid the awful cost: O soul so far astray come and plunge today In the blood that stained the old rugged cross.


## Scriptures

### John 19:34

- [John 19:34](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%2019%3A34)


## Topics

- Christ - Crucifixion/Death
- Lord's Supper - Remembrance

## Stakeholders

- Brumley, Albert E. (Composer)
- Brumley, Albert E. (Lyricist)
- Bridge Building Music, Inc. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1942. Renewed 1970 by Bridge Building Music, Inc. (Admin. by Brentwood-Benson Music Publishing, Inc.) All Rights reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI #41927.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

