# 20718 - WE WORSHIP GOD

## Notation

C - 2/4 on 1+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

When we come together Sunday morning, noon, or night, we worship God, we praise His name, we want to do what's right. God asked us all to do 5 things and these we strive to do. They're easy, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and you can do them too.

### Verse 2

God wants us all to talk to Him and tell Him what we need, so we'll bow down our heads in prayer and talk so humbly. God wants us all to know His will and what the Bible says, so we will listen carefully to what the preacher says.

### Verse 3

God wants us all to praise His name and tell about His love, so we'll sing songs out joyously about our God above. God wants us all to share our things and care for those in need, so we'll give Him our money and do it cheerfully.

### Verse 4

God wants us all to not forget how His Son Jesus, died, so we'll partake most rev'rently the bread and fruit of the vine. The things He asks us all to do are not that hard you see, so let's all get togeher now and do them happily.


## Scriptures

### John 4:24

- [John 4:24](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%204%3A24)


## Topics

- Bible
- Youth - Children Songs

## Stakeholders

- Dow, Diana (Composer)
- Dow, Diana (Lyricist)
- Dow, Diana (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2008 by Diana Dow. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

