# 20721 - OUR GOD REIGNS

## Notation

Bb - 4/4 on 2 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

How lovely on the mountains are the feet of him Who brings good news, good news announcing peace, proclaiming news of happiness. Our God reigns, Our God reigns!

### Verse 2

He had no stately form, He had no majesty, That we should be drawn to Him. He was despised and we took no account of Him, Yet now He reigns with the Most High. 

### Verse 3

It was our sin and guilt that bruised and wounded Him, It was our sin that bro't Him down. When we like sheep had gone astray, our Shepherd came. And on His shoulders bore our shame.

### Chorus

Our God reigns, our God reigns! Our God reigns, our God reigns!

### Verse 4

Meek as a lamb that's led out to the slaughterhouse, Dumb as a sheep before its shearer. His life ran down upon the ground like pouring rain. That we might be born again.

### Verse 5

Out of the tomb He came with grace and majesty, He is alive, He is alive. God loves us so, see here his hands, His feet, His side. Yes, we know, He is alive.


## Scriptures

### Isaiah 52:7

- [Isaiah 52:7](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Isaiah%2052%3A7)


## Topics

- Christ - Blood
- Christ - Crucifixion/Death
- Christ - Kingship/Lordship
- God - Ruler/King

## Stakeholders

- Smith, Leonard E.  Jr. (Composer)
- Smith, Leonard E.  Jr. (Lyricist)
- New Jerusalem Music (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1974, 1978 by New Jerusalem Music. (Admin. by New Jerusalem Music.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #8458.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

