# 20736 - A STRONGER FAITH

## Notation

Ab - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

I am but humankind, I know, I'm just like you and you; Much like a thief and to my grief, 'Tis true, O yes, 'tis true. If I could have a stronger faith, And thus a stronger will: He'd bless my soul and ev'ry day, I'd see no grief nor ill.

### Verse 2

And if I sin along my way, It only hurts me more, And when I say "forgive me, Lord," He does it o'er and o'er. So I must pray that day by day, He'd find less fault in me, He'd see within my heart, my trust, And let my soul feel free.

### Verse 3

Pray take me, Lord and make me true, As true as I may know, And make my will forever strong, Yes, Father make it so. The I'd not wake at night in fear, Of having tried and failed. I'd sleep at night without a fright, With ev'ry fear assailed.


## Scriptures

- [Luke 17:5](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Luke%2017%3A5)

## Topics

- Assurance
- Faithfulness/Loyalty - Of Believer

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2009 by O. E. Landrum & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

