# 20737 - HE WHISPERS SWEET PEACE TO ME

## Notation

Bb - 6/8 on 6 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Sometime when misgivings darken the day, And faith's light I cannot see; I ask my dear Lord, to brighten the way, He whispers sweet peace to me.

### Verse 2

I could not go on without Him, I know, the world, would o'erwhelm my soul; His word is a lamp and brightens the way, It points to the heav'nly goal.

### Verse 3

I trust Him thru faith, by faith hold His hand, By faith I will travel on; I'll trust in His word, obey His commands, Till vic'ry I shall have won.

### Verse 4

He speaks thru His word, assurance He gives, I'm His and I know He's mine; and safe in the fold my soul He will keep, I'll rest in His love divine.

### Chorus

He whispers sweet peace to me, He whispers sweet peace to me, And thru His blest word He strenthens my soul, He whispers sweet peace to me.


## Scriptures

### Philippians 4:7

- [Philippians 4:7](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Philippians%204%3A7)


## Topics

- Faithfulness/Loyalty - Of Believer
- Peace

## Stakeholders

- Ramsey, Will M. (Composer)
- Ramsey, Will M. (Lyricist)
- New Spring (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1932. Renewal 1960 by Mrs. W. M. Ramsey. Assigned 1975 New Spring. (Admin. by Brentwood-Benson Music Publishing, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #131473.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

