# 20746 - WHY NOT NOW

## Notation

G - 6/8 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

One day we'll sing with our heads lifted high as we join with the heavenly chorus. What a joy it will be as we sing endlessly, with voices that never grow tired. Some are still silent, but others prepare for the glorious return of the Savior. When all creatures below and all creatures above will shout out His wonderful name.

### Verse 2

One day all nations will  humbly bow down as they enter His marvelous presence. Ev'ry tongue will confess, ev'ry heart will agree that Jesus Messiah is Lord. Some are still blinded but one day will see thru the shadows that try to surround them; All the glory and love shining bright from above, they'll shout out His wonderful name.

### Chorus

Why not now? Why not now? Why not lift up your voice, why not now? Why not throw off the burden that weighs down your soul? Why not now? Why not now?


## Scriptures

- [Philippians 2:10](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Philippians%202%3A10)

## Topics

- Invitation
- Judgment

## Stakeholders

- Young, Ken (Composer)
- Young, Ken (Lyricist)
- Hallal Music (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1997 by Hallal Music. (Admin. by Hallal Music.) All Rights Reserved. Used by permission. CCLI Song #3197637.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

