# 20748 - I WALKED IN THE RAIN

## Notation

F - 3/4 on 3 - DO

## Lyrics

### Coda

But the rain went away and the daystar shone, And the glory of God appeared. He arose from the grave, He conquered death, He's been crowned King of kings, and Lord of lords.

### Verse 1

I walked in the rain one lonely night, A Friend had denied my Lord. The cock had crowed and a new day broke, and He wept in grief and despair.

### Verse 2

I walked in the rain one lonely night, A comrade betrayed my Lord. With sticks and staves they came for Him, But a kiss was all it required.

### Verse 3

I walked in the rain one lonely night, My Lord had been crucified. On the cruel tree on Mount calvary, Christ the perfect man shed His blood.

### Verse 4

I walked in the rain one lonely night, Christ laid in an empty tomb. While the soldiers slept and the angels came He arose to die never more.


## Scriptures

- [Mark 14:67](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Mark%2014%3A67)

## Topics

- Christ - Crucifixion/Death

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Craig, R. L. (Bob) (Lyricist)
- Craig, R. L. (Bob) (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2001 by R. L. Craig and R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

