# 20744 - WHEN THE NIGHT IS FALLING

## Notation

Ab - 4/4 on 2 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

When the night is falling, and the day is done, I can hear You calling,"Come!" I will come while You sing over me. How I love you, Child! I love you! How I love you, child! I love you! How I love you! How I love you! Hallelujah! Hallelujah! Hallelujah! Hallelujah! Hallelujah! When this life is over, and the race is run, I will hear You calling, "Come!" I will come while You sing over me.

### Verse 2

When the night surrounds me, all my dreams undone, I can hear You calling, "Come!" I will come while You sing over me. When the night would hide my way I will listen until I hear You say,

### Verse 3

When this life is over, and the race is run, I will hear You calling, "Come!" I will come while You sing over me.


## Scriptures

- [Zephaniah 3:17](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Zephaniah%203%3A17)

## Topics

- Invitation
- Love - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- Jernigan, Dennis L. (Composer)
- Jernigan, Dennis L. (Lyricist)
- Shepherd's Heart Music, Inc. (Copyright Holder)
- Young, Ken (Arranger)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1990 by Shepherd's Heart Music, Inc. (Admin. by Praise Charts Publishing, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #436161.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

