# 20747 - DANIEL, SERVANT OF GOD

## Notation

Ab - 6/4 on 6 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

He served with purpose of heart from his youth; was true to God, whatever the cost. Devoted and wise, He was trusted by kings, God's favor and love was never lost.

### Verse 2

He served with courage, his faith was so strong. No bribe or threat did ever disgrace. His service was loyal and won much esteem. That honor and fame did not debase.

### Verse 3

He served with honor, no fault could be found. So fair and just tho' given great pow'r, An excellent spirit in him there was seen. To duty was true, faithful each hour.

### Verse 4

He served by praying thru all of his life. He humbly bowed to God without shame. The law of the king was well known to him. Still three times each day He prayed the same.

### Chorus

So boldly serve God like Daniel; To God and man true each day. And leave this world a better place, Because you passed this way.


## Scriptures

- [Daniel 6:20](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Daniel%206%3A20)

## Topics

- Christian Life
- Service

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Hartsell, Huey P. (Lyricist)
- Hartsell, Huey P. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2003 by Huey P. Hartsell & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

