# 20758 - HOW CAN I KEEP FROM SINGING

## Notation

G - 12/8 on 10 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

There is an endless song; echoes in my soul,  I hear the music ring. And tho' the storms may come,  I am holding on, and to the Rock I cling. How can I keep from singing Your praise? How can I ever say enough? How amazing is Your love! How can I keep from shouting Your name? I know I am loved by the King, and it makes my heart want to sing.

### Verse 2

I will lift my eyes in the darkest night, for I know my Savior lives. And I will walk with You knowing You'll see me thru and sing the songs You give. How can I keep from singing Your praise? How can I ever say enough? How amazing is Your love! How can I keep from shouting Your name? I know I am loved by the King, and it makes my heart want to sing.


## Scriptures

### Psalm 146:2

- [Psalm 146:2](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20146%3A2)


## Topics

- Singing
- Praise/Adoration

## Stakeholders

- Redman, Matt (Composer)
- Redman, Matt (Lyricist)
- Tomlin, Chris (Composer)
- Cash, Ed (Composer)
- Tomlin, Chris (Lyricist)
- Cash, Ed (Lyricist)
- sixsteps Music (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2006 by sixsteps Music. (Admin. by Capitol CMG Publishing.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #4822372
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

