# 20752 - THE JOY OF THE LORD WILL BE MY STRENGTH

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 4+ - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

The joy of the Lord will be my strength; I will not falter, I will not faint. He is my Shepherd, I am not afraid; the joy of the Lord is my strength 



### Verse 2

The joy of the Lord will be my strength; He will uphold me all of my days. I am surrounded by mercy and grace; the joy of the Lord is my strength.



### Verse 3

 The joy of the Lord will be my strength; I will not waiver, walking by faith. He will be strong to deliver me safe; the joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord, the joy of the Lord, the joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord,  the joy of the Lord, the joy of the Lord is my strength. Lord,  joy of the Lord, the Lord,

### Chorus

The joy of Lord, the joy of the lord, the joy of the lord is my strength. The joy of Lord, the joy of the lord, the joy of the lord is my strength.


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 35:9](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2035%3A9)

## Topics

- Joy/Rejoicing
- Surrender/Submission

## Stakeholders

- Paris, Twila (Composer)
- Paris, Twila (Lyricist)
- Ariose Music (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1991 by Ariose Music. (Admin by CapitalCMG Publishing.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #801765.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

