# 20757 - I WILL RISE

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

With all our hearts and all our minds for You are worthy of all praise. With all our hearts and all our minds for You are worthy of all praise. Jesus has overcome and the grave is overwhelmed. The victory is won. He is risen from the dead. And I will rise when He calls my name; No more sorrow, no more pain. I will rise on eagle's wings before my God fall on my knees, and rise, I will rise. And I hear the voice of many angels sing "Worthy is the Lamb." And I hear the cry of ev'ry longing heart. "Worthy is the Lamb." "Worthy is the Lamb."

### Verse 2

With all our hearts and all our minds for You are worthy of all praise. With all our hearts and all our minds for You are worthy of all praise. Jesus has overcome and the grave is overwhelmed. The victory is won. He is risen from the dead. And I will rise when He calls my name; No more sorrow, no more pain. I will rise on eagle's wings before my God fall on my knees, and rise, I will rise. And I hear the voice of many angels sing "Worthy is the Lamb." And I hear the cry of ev'ry longing heart. "Worthy is the Lamb." "Worthy is the Lamb."

### Chorus

Jesus has overcome and the grave is overwhelmed. The victory is won. He is risen from the dead. And I will rise when He calls my name; No more sorrow, no more pain. I will rise on eagle's wings before my God fall on my knees, and rise, I will rise. And I hear the voice of many angels sing "Worthy is the Lamb." And I hear the cry of ev'ry longing heart. "Worthy is the Lamb." "Worthy is the Lamb."


## Scriptures

- [I Corinthians 15:52](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Corinthians%2015%3A52)

## Topics

- Peace
- Resurrection - Of Believer

## Stakeholders

- Thankyou Music (Copyright Holder)
- Reeves, Jesse (Composer)
- Tomlin, Chris (Lyricist)
- Giglio, Louse (Lyricist)
- Reeves, Jesse (Lyricist)
- Maher, Matt (Lyricist)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2008 by Thankyou Music. (Admin. by Capitol CMG Publishing) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #5183450.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

