# 20762 - YOU ARE HOLY, PRINCE OF PEACE

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

You are holy. You are mighty. You are worthy. Worthy of praise! I will follow. I will listen I will love You all of my days. He is Lord of Lords. He is King of Kings. He is Mighty God Lord of ev'rything. He's Emanuel. He's the Great I Am. He's the Prince of Peace who is the Lamb. He's the Living God. He's my saving Grace. He will reign forever. He is Ancient of Days. He is Alpha, Omega, Beginning and End. He's my Savior, Messiah, Redeemer and Friend. He's my Prince of Peace and I will live my life for Him. And I will sing to and worship the King who is worthy. I will love and adore Him. I will bow down before Him. And I will sing to and worship the King who is worthy. I will love and adore Him I will bow down before Him. He's my Prince of Peace and I will live my life for Him.


## Scriptures

### Psalm 104:33

- [Psalm 104:33](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20104%3A33)


## Topics

- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ
- Christ - Kingship/Lordship
- Christ - Name

## Stakeholders

- Lewis, Kenny (Arranger)
- Imboden, Marc (Composer)
- Rhoton, Tammi (Composer)
- Imboden, Marc (Lyricist)
- Rhoton, Tammi (Lyricist)
- Imboden Music (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1994 by Imboden Music. (Admin. by Music Services, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #2332149
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

