# 20765 - WE'RE THANKFUL

## Notation

F - 6/4 on 6 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

O dear God, our heavenly Father, We thank You for all You have done. But most of all thanks for Jesus, Your only begotten Son. We're thankful that You were willing, To sacrifice for our sins. And we're thankful that Jesus was willing, To die so that we could live.

### Verse 2

For the church, Christ's body we're thankful, He purchased us with His own blood. We thank You for truth eternal, For mercy, and grace and love. For salvation's plan we're thankful. Our faith saves when we obey. For the Spirit that guides us we're thankful. His word guides us all the way.

### Verse 3

For our friends and fam'ly we're thankful, For brothers and sisters in Christ; Each Lord's day we are so thankful. We worship His sacrifice. For heavenly hope we're thankful. By faith we are going there. It is for all our blessings we're thankful. We thank You again. Amen.


## Scriptures

- [Ephesians 5:20](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Ephesians%205%3A20)

## Topics

- Thanksgiving
- Christ - Sacrifice

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Byers, Ester (Lyricist)
- Byers, Ester (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2000 by Ester Byers. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

