# 20768 - MARY, DID YOU KNOW

## Notation

Cm - 4/4 on 3 - LA

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Mary, did you know that your baby boy Would on day walk on water? Would save our sons and daughters? Has come to make you new; This child that you delivered Will soon deliver You?
that your baby boy  Would one day walk on water? Mary, did you know that your baby boy Would save our sons and daughters? Did you know that your baby boy Has come to make you new; This child that you delivered Will soon deliver you?

### Verse 2

Mary, did you know that your baby boy Would give sight to the blind man? Would calm a storm with His hand? Has walked where angles trod, And when you've kissed your baby You've kissed the face of God?
that your baby boy Would give sight to a blind man? The blind man will see, the deaf will hear, the dead will live again, The lame will leap, the dumb will speak the praises of the Lamb. Mary, did you know  that your baby boy Would calm a storm with His hand? Did you know that your baby boy Has walked where angels trod, And when you've kissed your baby You've kissed the face of 

### Verse 3

Mary, did you know that your baby boy Is Lord of all creation? Would one day rule the nations? Is heaven's perfect Lamb, This sleeping child you're holding Is the great I AM? that your baby boy  Is Lord of all creation?  Mary, did you know that your baby boy Would one day rule the  nations? Did you know that your baby boy Is heaven's perfect Lamb, This sleeping child you're 


## Scriptures

- [Luke 2:9](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Luke%202%3A9)

## Topics

- Christ - Life/Ministry
- Christ - Word/Way
- Christ - Savior

## Stakeholders

- Green, Buddy (Composer)
- Lowry, Mark (Lyricist)
- Shepard, Dane K. (Arranger)
- Word Music, LLC. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1991, 1993 by Word Music LLC ( a div. of Word Music Group, Inc.).
Rufus Music (Admin. by EMI Christian Music Publishing).  All Rights Reserved. CCLI #1172285.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

