# 20764 - THE AGE TO COME

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Each life is but a vapor, quickly vanishing to silence. Soon time will cease, this age will end, the age to come will be.

### Verse 2

As moments move into the past, and faith and hope have ended; But love learned from His sacrifice, from age to age will be.

### Verse 3

Our Lord will gather us to Him: we'll see Him in His glory. We'll change to ever be like Him, a body that will be.

### Verse 4

And thus, we'll ever live with Him, our Sun of light and loving. Such grace He gave to bring us home, how could this ever be?

### Chorus

Our Father, You lift us up to a holy path of joy and righteousness, That we might in You be found in Your presence, eternally.


## Scriptures

### Ephesians 1:21

- [Ephesians 1:21](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Ephesians%201%3A21)


## Topics

- Eternal Life
- Love
- Brevity Of life
- Hope

## Stakeholders

- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Composer)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Lyricist)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2016 by Glenda Barnhardt Schales. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

