# 20775A - WHAT THE LORD HAS DONE IN ME

## Notation

D - 3/4 on 2+ - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Let the weak say, "I am strong!" Let the poor say, "I am rich!" Let the blind say "I can see It's what the Lord has done in me." Hosanna to the Lamb was slain. Hosanna! Jesus died and rose again. Hosanna, hosanna to the Lamb that was slain. Hosanna, hosanna! Jesus died and rose again. 

### Verse 2

Into the river I will wade; there my sins are washed away; from the heaven's mercy stream of the Savior's love for me. Hosanna, hosanna to the Lamb that was slain. Hosanna, hosanna! Jesus died and rose again. 

### Verse 3

I will rise from water deep into the saving arms of God; I will sing salvation song. Jesus Christ set me free. Hosanna, hosanna to the Lamb that was slain. Hosanna, hosanna! Jesus died and rose again. 


## Scriptures

- [Romans 14:9](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans%2014%3A9)

## Topics

- Salvation
- Christ - Savior
- Christ - Crucifixion/Death

## Stakeholders

- Morgan, Reuben (Composer)
- Morgan, Reuben (Lyricist)
- Hillsong Music Publishing (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1998 by Hillsong Music Publishing. (Admin. by Capitol CMG Publishing.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI #2582803.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

