# 20777 - WHAT WILL I ASK

## Notation

C - 6/4 on 6 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

What will I ask of the , my Lord What are my deepest cares? What does my soul require the most, But knowledge of Your tears. And knowledge of Your grief, my Lord, Reminded day by day. Reminede of Your precious life, The heathens took away.

### Verse 2

And of your prayer high up there, Upon that hellish tree, "Forgive, them all", You e'en included me. For Lord sometimes I crucify, And then I cry, "Forgive." And yes, that prayer You prayed up there, Hath said You'd let me live.

### Verse 3

You'd let me live, I know not why, Nor have I need to know. But 'twas Your grace downward came, And touched me long ago. What will I ask of Thee, O Lord? I have no earthly need. I ask no more, But o'er and o'er, I pray my soul You'd lead. 


## Scriptures

### Luke 23:34

- [Luke 23:34](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Luke%2023%3A34)


## Topics

- Christ - Sacrifice
- Forgiveness/Pardon
- Grace

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2006 by O. E. Landrum & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

