# 20785 - LET ME TELL YOU

## Notation

E - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Let me tell you, tell you, Tell you what my Jesus means to me; Tell you what the Lprd did to sett my heart free. For He gave His love, dying just for me, He has truly given his all for me.

### Verse 2

And I worship, worship, Worship Him for love so pure, so deep; Worship Him for splendor He gave up for me. For He gave His love, dying just for me, He has truly given his all for me.

### Verse 3

And I praise Him, praise Him, Praise Him for the flow'rs that bloom unseen; Praise Him for the stars that do silently sing. For He gave His love, dying just for me, He has truly given his all for me.

### Verse 4

And I love Him, love Him, Love Him when the sunbeams soar up high; Love Him when the rainbow carresses the sky. For He gave His love, dying just for me, He has truly given his all for me.


## Scriptures

### Psalm 66:16

- [Psalm 66:16](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2066%3A16)


## Topics

- Love - Of Christ
- Worship
- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ
- Christ - Sacrifice

## Stakeholders

- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Composer)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Lyricist)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1996 by Glenda Barnhardt Schales. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

