# 20781 - THE GLORIOUS IMPOSSIBLE

## Notation

D - 3/4 on 3 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

 See the virgin is delivered in a cold and crowded stall, mirror of the Father's glory lies beside her in the straw. He is mercy's incarnation, marvel at this miracle. For the virgin gently holds the glorious impossible!

### Verse 2

 Love has come to walk on water, turn the water into wine, touch the leper, bless the children, love both human and divine. Praise the wisdom of the Father who has spoken thru His Son. Speaking still He calls us to the glorious impossible! 

### Verse 3

He was bruised for our transgressions, and He bears eternal scars, He was raised for our salvation, and His righteousness is ours. Praise Him, praise Him, praise the glory of this lavished grace so full. Lift your souls now, and receive the glorious impossible!

### Chorus

Hallelujah! Hallelujah! Hallelujah! Glorious impossible, glorious impossible! Hallelujah! Hallelujah! Hallelujah!


## Scriptures

### Luke 1:37

- [Luke 1:37](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Luke%201%3A37)


## Topics

- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ
- Christ - Crucifixion/Death
- Salvation

## Stakeholders

- Beck, Joe (Composer)
- Cartee, Carl (Composer)
- Willis, Wendy (Composer)
- Beck, Joe (Lyricist)
- Cartee, Carl (Lyricist)
- Willis, Wendy (Lyricist)
- Young, Ken (Arranger)
- Mo Promise Music (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2005 by Mo Promise Music. (Admin. by Hallal Music.) All Rights Reserved. Used By Permission. CCLI Song #4576532.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

