# 20787 - GOD'S WONDERFUL WORKS

## Notation

Eb - 6/4 on 6 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

With vivid strokes of Majesty, God brushed a work of art, A world to show His Deity And touch the human heart. 



### Verse 2

With splendid tones and perfect keys, God's  music is so clear, For birds and waves and rustling trees Give song to soothe man's ear. 



### Verse 3

With holy words and seeds of life A garden He creates; In morning dew and heaven's light, God's beauty there awaits. 



### Verse 4

With soil and stone and mighty hand God forged an earthly plan, With valleys, plains and mountains grand A home to shelter man.

### Chorus

God's wonderful works declare His name; They form at His command. His power let the world proclaim Too great to understand.


## Scriptures

### Acts 15:18

- [Acts 15:18](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Acts%2015%3A18)


## Topics

- Nature
- Creation

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Horton, Lana (Lyricist)
- Horton, Lana (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2009 by Lana Horton & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

