# 20790 - STILL A BLESSING

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

In our lives we often suffer When a joy we love departs, And we gry out to the Father From the anguish in our hearts. But when clouds like these have gathered, may we find the strength to say That a blessing's still a blessing, even when its gone away.

### Verse 2

When we sit along and weeping, no one understands our loss Like the Father who gave Jesus For a ransom on the cross. He would never grieve us lightly, So we need to understand, And be thankful for each tomorrow will be part of what He's planned.

### Verse 3

He will bless us in the future as He's blessed us in the past, But He never makes a promise that an earthly joy will last. In our grief may we remember That His will still rules each day, And be thankful for each blessing Even when it's gone away.


## Scriptures

- [Job 1:21](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Job%201%3A21)

## Topics

- Blessings
- Comfort/Encouragement

## Stakeholders

- Bassford, Matthew W. (Lyricist)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Copyright Holder)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Composer)

## Copyright

©Copyright 2005 by M. W. Bassford. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

