# 20792 - SING TO THE LORD

## Notation

Ab - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Sing to the Lord in a newlymade song, Sing to the Lord, all the earth, sing to the Lord, bless His marvelous name, Shout His good tidings with all mirth. Tell of His glory among every race, Praise Him within every land, Tho' other gods have no power nor life, He raised the heavens with His hand.

### Verse 2

Give to the Lord O you families of men, praise and might, all the praise due His name, Offer Him all you know 'tis right. Worship the Lord in pure splendor alone, Trenble both aged and all youth, Say to the nations The Lord firmily reigns, Judging the people with His truth. 

### Verse 3

Let the skies shout let the dry land rejoice, Let the sea roar and the coast, Let the field sing and with all it contains, And all the forest then will boast. All will excult, for the Lord is at hand,  Coming to judge all the earth, Righteously judging the world and its folk, Faithfully trying all their worth.


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 96:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2096%3A1)

## Topics

- Praise/Adoration
- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ
- Worship

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Lyricist)
- Stevens, Jonathan (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2005 by Jonathan Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

