# 20793 - I CALL HIM MY JESUS

## Notation

Bb - 6/4 on 6 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

There is One who is searching the darkness of shame, For sheep that have not known nor claimed His great name. There's One who would love you, you'd need never stay; He'd turn all your sorrows and shadows away.

### Verse 2

There is One who was willing pay all your due, To die for each sin that your soul ever knew. He'd claim you His own, one from Satan resigned; A child of the Savior, yes, that's so divine.

### Verse 3

There is one who has taught me the things that I know, Of heaven up there where my soul longs to go. There's one who has taught  me to love and forgive, And ever reminds me for Him I must live.

### Chorus

I call Him my Jesus, my Savior, my Lord; For love and the joy and the peace if affords. I call Him my Jesus and boast of His care. I call Him my Jesus, my Shepherd so fair.


## Scriptures

- [Matthew 1:21](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%201%3A21)

## Topics

- Christ - Savior
- Christ - Teacher

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1998 by O. E. Landrum & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

