# 20796 - HOLY GOD, WE PRAISE YOUR NAME

## Notation

F - 3/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Holy God we praise Your name, Lord of all, we bow before you All the earth Your scepter claim All in heaven above adore You; Infinite Tour vast domain, ever lasting is Your reigh. Holy Father, Holy Son Holy Spirit, three we name You While in essence only one, undivided God we claim You, Then adoring bend the knee, and confess the mystery.

### Verse 2

Hark! The loud celestrail hymn angle choirs above are raising; Cherubim and seraphim in unceasing chorus praising, Filled the heavens with sweet accord: holy holy, holy Lord. 

### Verse 3

LO! The apostolic train join Your sacred name to hallow; Prophets swell the glad refrain, and the whiterobed martyrs follow; And from morn to set of sun, thur the church the song goes on.

### Verse 4

Holy Father, Holy Son Holy Spirit, three we name You While in essence only one, undivided God we claim You, Then adoring bend the knee, and confess the mystery.


## Scriptures

- [Isaiah 6:3](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Isaiah%206%3A3)

## Topics

- God - Holiness
- Holiness/Purity
- Praise/Adoration - Of God

## Stakeholders

- Katholisches Gesangbuch (Composer)
- Stephenson, Pam (Composer)
- Franz, Ignaz (Lyricist)
- Walworth, Clarence A. (Lyricist)
- Howard Publishing Co., Inc (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Descant © Copyright 1993 by Howard Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(Copyrighted hymns not associated with CCLI & hymns of Partnership status)

## Disclaimers

Permission from the copyright owner(s) &/or administrator is required PRIOR to purchasing and downloading (for copying, printing &/or projecting) this hymn.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

