# 20800 - I KNOW WHO HOLDS TOMORROW

## Notation

Bb - 4/4 on 3 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

I don't know about tomorrow, I just live from day to day; I don't borrow from its sunshine, For its skies may turn to gray; I don't worry o'er the future,  For I know what Jesus said, And today I'll walk beside Him, For He knows what is ahead.

### Verse 2

Ev'ry step is getting brighter As the golden stairs I climb; Ev'ry burden's getting lighter, Ev'ry cloud is sliver lined. There the sun is always shining, There no tear will dim the eye; At the ending of the rainbow, Where the mountains touch the sky.

### Verse 3

I don't know about tomorrow, It may bring me poverty; But the One who feeds the sparrow Is the One who stands by me; And the path that be my portion. May be thru the flame or flood, But His presence goes before me,And I'm covered with His blood.

### Chorus

Many things about tomorrow I don't seem to understand; But I know Who holds tomorrow, And I know Who holds my hand.


## Scriptures

### Matthew 6:34

- [Matthew 6:34](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%206%3A34)


## Topics

- Heaven
- Promises Of God

## Stakeholders

- Stanphill, Ira F. (Composer)
- Stanphill, Ira F. (Lyricist)
- New Spring (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1950 by New Spring. (Admin. by Brentwood-Benson Music Publishing, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CC:I #17982.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

