# 20802 - I'D RATHER HAVE JESUS

## Notation

Db - 3/4 on 3 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

I'd rather have Jesus than silver or gold, I'd rather be His than have riches untold; I'd rather have Jesus than houses or lands, I'd rather be led by His nailpierced hand

### Verse 2

I'd rather have Jesus than men's applause, I'd rather be faithful to His dear cause; I'd rather have Jesus than worldwide fame, I'd rather be true to His Holy Name

### Verse 3

He's fairer than lilies of rarest bloom, He's sweeter than honey from out the comb; He's all that my hungering spirit needs, I'd rather have Jesus and let Him lead

### Chorus

Than to be the King of a vast domain Or be held in sin's dread away; I'd rather have Jesus than anything This world affords today.


## Scriptures

### Matthew 19:27

- [Matthew 19:27](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%2019%3A27)


## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Guide/Leader

## Stakeholders

- Shea, George Beverly (Composer)
- Miller, Rhea F. (Lyricist)
- Word Music, LLC. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Words 1922. Renewed 1950 by Word Music, LLC.(a div of Word Music Group, Inc.) © Music 1939. Renewed 1966 Word Music, LLC.(a div of Word Music Group, Inc.) (Admin. by Word Music Group, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #16653.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

