# 20811 - LOWER THAN THE ANGELS

## Notation

Dm - 4/4 on 1 - LA

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Lower that the angles For a little while; Christ, the Word incarnate, Silent at His trial. See the Lamb unblemished, Sun of righteousness, Sentenced for the kingship That he dares confess.

### Verse 2

Lower than the angles for a little while For a little while; All of His disciples Fled in their denial, Now the hope of Israel, Heir to David's throne, Stunbles to Golgotha, Bleeding and alone.

### Verse 3

Lower than the angles for a little while For a little while; Hear the priest and elders Slander and revile, "Save Yourself, Messiah, "and we will believe!" While the heavens darken And the angles grieve.

### Verse 4

Lower than the angles for a little while For a little while; Jesus, crowned with glory, Death can not defile. Perfect thru His suffring, Now to intercede, Taught to give us mercy In our time of need.


## Scriptures

### Hebrews 2:9

- [Hebrews 2:9](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Hebrews%202%3A9)


## Topics

- Christ - Sacrifice
- Christ - Suffering

## Stakeholders

- Morrison, Richard L. (Composer)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Lyricist)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Copyright Holder)
- Morrison, Richard L. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2010 by Matthew W. Bassford & Richard L. Morrison. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

