# 20812 - THE WONDERFUL CROSS

## Notation

D - 2/2 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

When I survey the wondrous cross on which the prince of glory died, my richest gain I count but loss and pour contempt on all my pride.

### Verse 2

Forbid it, Lord, that I should boast, save in the death of Christ, my Lord; All the vain things that charm me most I sacrifice them to His blood.

### Verse 3

See from His head, His hands, His feet, Sorrow and love flow mingled down; Did e'er such love and sorrow meet, Or thorns compose so rich a crown? O the wonderful cross, O the sonderful cross bids me come and die and find that I may truly live. O the wonderful cross, O the wonderful cross; All who gather here by grace dray near and bless Your name.

### Verse 4

Were the whole realm of nature mine, That were a present far too small; Love so amazing, so divine, Demands my soul, my life, my all O the wonderful cross, O the sonderful cross bids me come and die and find that I may truly live. O the wonderful cross, O the wonderful cross; All who gather here by grace dray near and bless Your name.


## Scriptures

### Philippians 3:7

- [Philippians 3:7](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Philippians%203%3A7)


## Topics

- Lord's Supper
- Christ - Crucifixion/Death

## Stakeholders

- Watts, Isaac (Composer)
- Walt, J. D. (Composer)
- Tomlin, Chris (Composer)
- Reeves, Jesse (Composer)
- Watts, Isaac (Lyricist)
- worshiptogether.com songs (Copyright Holder)
- sixsteps Music (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2000 by worshiptogether.com songs/sixsteps Music. (Admin.by Capitol Publishing)All Rights reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #3148435.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

