# 20822 - TOMORROW MAY BE TOO LATE

## Notation

Ab - 6/8 on 6 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Today is the day of salvation, Tomorrow may be too late. There's danger and death in delaying, Accept God's saving grace; His life on the cross He has given, O come while yet you may, Give jesus your life and thus walk in His way, Tomorrow may be too late.

### Verse 2

Today is the day of salvation, Tomorrow may be too late. The judgement day, brother, is coming, Prepare ye for that day; His pardon and mercy He offers, Obey while yet you may, He'll save you from sin and bring sweet peace within, Tomorrow may be too late.

### Verse 3

Today is the day of salvation, Tomorrow may be too late. A home up in heaven is waiting, O make the start today; Repent and confess and be baptized, There is no other way, Give Jesus your life and thus walk in His way, Tomorrow may be too late.


## Scriptures

- [Hebrews 4:7](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Hebrews%204%3A7)

## Topics

- Salvation
- Grace
- Walking With God

## Stakeholders

- Wheeler, Palmer E. (Composer)
- Wheeler, Palmer E. (Lyricist)
- Wheeler, Palmer E. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1970 by Palmer E. Wheeler. All Rights Reserved.
(Copyrighted hymns not associated with CCLI & hymns of Partnership status)

## Disclaimers

Permission from the copyright owner(s) &/or administrator is required PRIOR to purchasing and downloading (for copying, printing &/or projecting) this hymn.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

