# 20823 - CORNERSTONE

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

My hope is built on nothing less, than Jesus' blood and righteousness. I dare not trust the sweetest frame, but wholly trust in Jesus' name.

### Verse 2

When darkness seems to hide His face, I rest on his unchanging grace. In every high and stormy gale, my anchor holds within the vale.

### Verse 3

When He shall come with trumpet sound, O may I then in Him be found. Dressed in his righteousness alone. Faultless to stand before the throne.

### Chorus

Christ alone. Conerstone. Weak made strong in the Savior's love. Thru storm, He is Lord. Lord of all


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 118:21](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20118%3A21)

## Topics

- Hope
- Christ - Blood
- Love - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- Bradbury, William (Composer)
- Liljero, Eric (Composer)
- Morgan, Reuben (Composer)
- Mote, Edward (Lyricist)
- Liljero, Eric (Lyricist)
- Morgan, Reuben (Lyricist)
- Coffman, Shane (Arranger)
- Hillsong Music Publishing (Copyright Holder)
- Myrin, Jonas (Composer)
- Myrin, Jonas (Lyricist)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2011 by Hillsong Music Publishing. (Admin. by Capitol CMG Publishing) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #6158927.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

