# 20821 - MY LORD, MY FRIEND, MY SAVIOR

## Notation

G - 6/8 on 6 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

When darkness was on the face of the deep, God spoke and light filled the whole world. God's own Spirit was moving in powerful ways, As my Lord formed the heavens and earth.

### Verse 2

My Maker, My Lord, is also my Friend; My Jesus, who left Heaven's place. He comes closer to me as I draw near to Him, Trusting Him 'til I see His dear face.

### Verse 3

With tears in my heart I think of the cross, Where Jesus, My Friend, died for me. Never will I return to a life filled with sin, For His death paid the price! I am free!

### Chorus

My Savior is Lord of Heaven and earth; Precious Friend who has died for me. By right, He's my Lord, by grace, He's my Friend, But by Calvary, He's my Savior.


## Scriptures

- [Isaiah 60:16](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Isaiah%2060%3A16)

## Topics

- Christ - Kingship/Lordship
- Christ - Friend/Helper
- Christ - Savior

## Stakeholders

- Alexander, Don M. (Composer)
- Cawthon, Steve (Lyricist)
- Alexander, Don M. (Lyricist)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)
- Cawthon, Becky (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1999 by Becky Cawthon, Owner. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

