# 20848 - HOME SAFE WITH HIM AT LAST

## Notation

F - 3/4 on 3 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

There is coming a day when the sun will never rise, And the heavens roll back as a scroll; In the blackness of the night, will you cry in deep despair? Are you safe while the storm is high?

### Verse 2

When the angel shall set his foot on land and sea, And shall say that time is no more; What will you then say, my friend, on that last and final day? As you stand before the Judge, what then?

### Verse 3

When the trumpet shall sound and the dead shall all arise, To go meet the Lord in the air; If to Him you've not been true, gate is closed forevermore, Late 'twill be, 'tis your journey's end.

### Chorus

While the light'nings flash And the raging, lashing waves unfold; Hollow of His hand I'm secure Him I stand, I am safe at home at last, when the storm has passed. and the thunders roll, the waves unfold; In the hollow of His hand I'm secure, with Him I stand


## Scriptures

- [I Thessalonians 4:16](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Thessalonians%204%3A16)

## Topics

- Eternal Life

## Stakeholders

- Howard, Alton H. (Composer)
- Howard, Alton H. (Lyricist)
- Howard, Alton H. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1971 by Alton H. Howard. (Admin by Howard Interest, LLC.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #1818049.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

