# 20854 - AMAZING GRACE, MY CHAINS ARE GONE

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 4+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me; I once was lost but now I'm found, was blind but now I see.

### Verse 2

Twas grace that taught my heart to fear, and grace my fears relieved; How pre-cious did that grace appear the hour I first believed. My chains are gone, I've been set free; my God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood His mercy rains, unending love, amazing grace!

### Verse 3

Thru many dangers, toils and snares, I have already come; 'Tis grace hath bro't me safe thus far, and grace will lead me home.

### Verse 4

When we've been there ten thousand years, bright shining as the sun; We've no less days to sing God's praise than when we first begun. My chains are gone, I've been set free; my God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood His mercy rains, unending love, amazing grace!


## Scriptures

### Ephesians 2:4

- [Ephesians 2:4](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Ephesians%202%3A4)


## Topics

- Grace
- Redemption

## Stakeholders

- Tomlin, Chris (Composer)
- Giglio, Louie (Composer)
- Newton, John (Lyricist)
- Tomlin, Chris (Lyricist)
- Giglio, Louie (Lyricist)
- Excell, Edwin O. (Arranger)
- worshiptogether.com songs (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2006 by worshiptogether.com. (Admin by EMI CMG.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #4768151.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

