# 20851 - IF LOVE IS ALL I HAVE

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 4+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

 If love is all I have, Then let me do my part, To share the grief of others and to mend the broken heart. Forbid that I ignore them or would keep myself apart. If love is all I have, my love I give.



### Verse 2

If wealth is all I have, Then let me spend it well, In holding up the hands of those who rescue men from hell. What greater purchase could I make than see their numbers swell? If wealth is all I have, my wealth I give.



### Verse 3

If care is all I have, Then help me, learning how, To ease the pain of others, and to wipe the fever'd brow. Lord, help me do it tenderly, and help me do it now. If care is all I have, my care I give.

### Verse 4

If self is all I have, Then let me servant be, Like Him who reigns in glory served with all humility. For only serving others am I truly serving Thee. If self is all I have, my self I give.


## Scriptures

### II Corinthians 8:5

- [II Corinthians 8:5](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=II%20Corinthians%208%3A5)


## Topics

- Service
- Love - Brotherly

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, Anne F. (Composer)
- Stevens, Anne F. (Lyricist)
- Stevens, Anne F. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1999 by Anne Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

