# 20865 - WHOM SHALL I FEAR, GOD OF ANGEL ARMIES

## Notation

B - 4/4 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

You hear me when I call. You are my morning song. Tho' darkness fills the night, it can not hide the light. Whom shall I fear? You crush the enemy underneath my feet. You are my sword and shield, tho' troubles linger still. Whom shall I fear? I know Who goes before me. I know Who stands behind: The God of angel armies is always by my side.  The One Who reigns forever, He is a friend of mine. The God of angel armies is always by my side. And nothing formed against me shall stand! You hold the whole world in Your hands. I'm holding onto Your promises. You are faithful. I know Who goes before me, I know Who stands behind: The God of angel armies is always by my side!


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 34:7](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2034%3A7)

## Topics

- God - Presence
- God - Powerful/Knowing/Present

## Stakeholders

- Tomlin, Chris (Composer)
- Cash, Ed (Composer)
- Cash, Scott (Composer)
- Tomlin, Chris (Lyricist)
- Cash, Ed (Lyricist)
- Cash, Scott (Lyricist)
- Peirce, Aneva (Arranger)
- S. D. G. Publishing (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© 2012 by S. D. G. Publishing. (Admin by Capitol GMC Publishing.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #6440288
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

