# 20879 - MIGHTY IS THE MORTAL TONGUE

## Notation

Bb - 6/4 on 6 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

How mighty is the mortal tongue To teach the lost of God's dear Son; To lift our voice in joyful praise and move our God by pray'rs we raise.

### Verse 2

How mighty is the mortal tongue By loving words to cheer someone; And help a brother weighed down with care, And thus his heavy burdens share.

### Verse 3

How mighty is the mortal tongue, When rash words are like arrows flung; To curse those in God's image made, Our precious Lord is thus betrayed.

### Verse 4

How mighty is the mortal tongue, Great good or ill by it is done. Let's make our aim the tongue to hold, And praising God in heav'n our goal. 

### Coda

O Lord, help me guard my tongue today, Lest by my words I offend and stray. A purer heart the world would see, More like my Savior I would be. 


## Scriptures

- [Revelation 21:4](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%2021%3A4)

## Topics

- Christian Life
- Speech

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Hartsell, Huey P. (Lyricist)
- Hartsell, Huey P. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© 2001 by Huey P. Hartsell & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

