# 20878 - TEARS OF JESUS

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Tears so gentle at the grave of Lazarus, To help sad friends their broken hearts to mend. Yes, Jesus cares when our loved ones pass away, And comforts thru His word each lonely day.

### Verse 2

Tears of sorrow He wept for Jerusalem. His grace and love rejected by lost men. Yes, Jesus grieves for the sinful ones astray. O, careless soul, prepare  for judgment day.

### Verse 3

Tears of anguish poured out in Gethsemane; He drank the cup, the suff'ring cup for all. Yes, Jesus yearns that the slaves of sin be free By precious blood He shed on Calvary.

### Chorus

Tears of anguish poured out in Gethsemane; He drank the cup, the suff'ring cup for all. Yes, Jesus yearns that the slaves of sin be free By precious blood He shed on Calvary.


## Scriptures

### Psalm 126:5

- [Psalm 126:5](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20126%3A5)


## Topics

- Christ - Comforter
- Christ - Crucifixion/Death

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Hartsell, Huey P. (Lyricist)
- Hartsell, Huey P. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© 2003 by Huey P. Hartsell & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

