# 20872 - GRACIOUS FATHER, HEAL MY SOUL

## Notation

G - 3/4 on 3 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Gracious Father, heal my soul; Cleanse of sin, and make me whole; Here's my life, please take control; Gracious Father, heal my soul. Yes, Thy promise I embrace; All my sins Thou wilt erase; Here's my life, please take control; Gracious Father, heal my soul.

### Verse 2

Blessed Jesus, take my hand; Lead me thru this sinful land; Give me strength and help me stand; Blessed Jesus, take my hand. With Thy blood Thou didst atone; Thou dost save, and Thou alone; Give me strength, and help me stand; Blessed Jesus, take my hand. 

### Verse 3

Holy Spirit, guide Thou me;  With Thy truth that makes men free; Take my eyes, and help me see; Holy Spirit, guide Thou me. Take the darkness from my eyes; Help me gain that blessed prize; Take my eyes, and help me see; Holy Spirit, guide Thou me.  


## Scriptures

### Psalm 41:4

- [Psalm 41:4](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2041%3A4)


## Topics

- Guidance
- Christ - Guide/Leader
- Holy Spirit

## Stakeholders

- Mabry, Gary (Composer)
- Mabry, Gary (Lyricist)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)
- Morrison, Richard L. (Arranger)
- Mabry, William E.  Jr. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© 1986 by William E. Mabry, Jr. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

