# 20884 - I'M FORGIVEN

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

My heart bowed down with sin and shame, found peace as pardon came. When I obeyed the guilt was gone, amazing grace my song.

### Verse 2

Tho' prodigals reproach His name, the Father waits the same. His precious love will suffer long, e'en tho' they did Him wrong. I'm forgiven! His blood cleanses me, blood cleanses me, and if faithful, heav'n I'll see. I'm forgiven! God said before, "I'll remember sin no more."

### Verse 3

Christ prayed "forgive them" from His cross, for sins He paid the cost. No doubt will silence this my song, God blots out sin it's gone.

### Verse 4

For God's great mercy praise His name! His love I will proclaim. I'll tell lost souls that Jesus gave His life their souls to save. I'm forgiven! His blood cleanses me, blood cleanses me, and if faithful, heav'n I'll see. I'm forgiven! God said before, "I'll remember sin no more."


## Scriptures

### Jeremiah 31:34

- [Jeremiah 31:34](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Jeremiah%2031%3A34)


## Topics

- Forgiveness - Of God
- Faithfulness/Loyalty - Of Believer

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Hartsell, Huey P. (Lyricist)
- Hartsell, Huey P. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© 1995 by Huey P. Hartsell & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

