# 20882 - UNTIL YOU COME

## Notation

A - 4/4 on 4+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Sometimes my love may seem to stray, From Thine, the blessed even way.  Then Lord, my soul doth hear Thee say, "Be true, my child be true.  I must not turn away from Thee, Nor from Thy fold would I be  free, Without Thee, Lord, where would I be? My Lord I'll cling to You.

### Verse 2

And I must follow where You lead, And trust Thee, Lord, to intercede, For ev'ry dark and lowly deed, Else Lord what would I do? And when my chores on earth are done, When by Thy grace, a crown I've won, When all the foes I've known are gone, Your love will see me thru.

### Verse 3

There at Your feet I'll lay my cares, For You, O Lord, hast heard my prayers and conquered ev'ry foe that dares My sorrows to renew. And fin'ly, Lord, they'll lay me down, Where loved ones gone before are  found, To wait until the trumpet sounds Thy coming in the blue.


## Scriptures

### Revelation 2:10

- [Revelation 2:10](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%202%3A10)


## Topics

- Faithfulness/Loyalty - Of Believer
- Christ - Intercessor/Priest
- Christ - Redeemer

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© 2003 by O. E. Landrum & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

