# 20881 - SOUL, PRECIOUS SOUL

## Notation

Bb - 3/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 2

Jesus only Savior, sent from above. Jesus only Savior poured out His love. From Calvary's hill, He bought what was lost. Jesus only Savior, paid the great cost.

### Verse 3

Soul, O precious soul, a home there awaits; Soul, O precious soul, at Heaven's bright gate. Adrift and alone my spirit has strayed. Soul, O precious soul, God's pointing the way.

### Verse 1

Soul, O precious soul, O spirit of man. Soul, O precious soul, 'tis touched by God's hand. His Spirit entreats and shows you the Way. Soul, O precious soul, God calls you this day.

### Chorus

Blood, O precious blood, A ransom for my soul. Shed by Jesus for sins new and old. O, how can it be that He did this for me? Soul, O precious soul, God's calling to thee.


## Scriptures

### Hebrews 3:7

- [Hebrews 3:7](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Hebrews%203%3A7)


## Topics

- Soul/Spirit
- Salvation

## Stakeholders

- Vengley, Cliff (Composer)
- Vengley, Cliff (Lyricist)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)
- Vengley, Cliff (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© 1998 by Cliff Vengley. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

