# 20892 - PRAISE TO THE LORD, THE ALMIGHTY

## Notation

G - 3/4 on 3 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Adoration and praise to the Lord! Praise to the Lord, the Almighty,  the King of creation! O my soul, praise Him,  for He is thy strength and salvation! All ye who hear, Now to His temple draw near; Praise Him in glad adoration!  Praise to the Lord!  Give Praise to the Lord!

### Verse 2

Praise to the Lord, who o'er all things so wondrously reigneth, Shelters thee under His wings, yea, so gently sustaineth! Have you not seen How your desirings have been Granted in what He ordaineth?  Praise to the Lord!  Give Praise to the Lord!

### Verse 3

Praise to the Lord, who doth prosper thy work and defend thee; Surely His goodness and mercy here daily attend thee. Ponder anew What the Almighty can do, If with His love He befriend thee.  Praise to the Lord!  Give Praise to the Lord!

### Verse 4

Praise to the Lord, O let all that is in me adore Him! All that hath life and breath, come now with praises before Him. Let the Amen Sound from His people again, Gladly forever adore Him! Praise to the Lord! Give praise to the Lord!  Praise to the Lord!  Let the Amen sound from His people again!  Gladly forever adore Him!  Praise to the Lord!


## Scriptures

### Psalm 148:1,13

- [Psalm 148:1,13](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20148%3A1%2C13)


## Topics

- Praise/Adoration - Of God
- God - Creator
- God - Powerful/Knowing/Present

## Stakeholders

- Bennett, W. Sterndale (Composer)
- Neander, Joachim (Lyricist)
- Morrison, Richard L. (Arranger)
- Morrison, Richard L. (Copyright Holder)
- Stralsund Gesangbuch (Composer)

## Copyright

Arr. © Copyright 2017 by Richard L. Morrison. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

