# 20895 - MARANATHA

## Notation

F - 3/4 on 3 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

O Maranatha! Hear us, Lord! Bring on the Day of days; Descend with judgment and reward, To shouts of fear and praise. Reveal Yourself in flaming fire, With angels in their might, That we may see our hearts' desire And marvel at the sight.

### Verse 2

O Maranatha! May it be That soon the saints shall sing, "O grave, where is your victory? O death, where is your sting? "The tombs shall tremble at Your voice; The sea, give up its dead; As one, Your body shall rejoice, Assembled with its Head.

### Verse 3

"O Maranatha!" we exclaim; We long to see it now, That ev'ry tongue may name Your name And ev'ry knee may bow. Tho' earth and all its works shall burn, Dissolved with fervent heat, Yet haste the day of Your return, And make Your reign complete!


## Scriptures

- [I Corinthians 16:22](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Corinthians%2016%3A22)

## Topics

- Judgment
- Christ - Second Coming

## Stakeholders

- Harber, Matthew L. (Composer)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Lyricist)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Copyright Holder)
- Harber, Matthew L. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2009 by M. W. Bassford & Matt Harber. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

