# 20898 - SING TO THE LORD A NEW SONG

## Notation

F - 3/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Sing to the Lord a new song. Sing to Him all the earth. Sing to the Lord a new song. Proclaim the glad news of His salvation!

### Verse 2

Among the nations praise His name. To all men declare His works. He is great and to be praised. He is to be feared above all idols!

### Verse 3

Give to the Lord, O families. Give to Him glory. Give to the Lord due His name. In beauty of holiness worship Him!

### Verse 4

Say to them, "The Lord reigns!" Heav'ns rejoice the earth is glad. Sea and land rejoice in full. The trees of the earth rejoice before Him!

### Chorus

We will be judged by His Word. Tremble before Him all the earth.


## Scriptures

### Psalm 96:1

- [Psalm 96:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2096%3A1)


## Topics

- Praise/Adoration
- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- Fisher, Shane (Composer)
- Peirce, Aneva (Composer)
- Fisher, Shane (Lyricist)
- Fisher, Shane (Copyright Holder)
- Peirce, Aneva (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2016 by Shane Fisher and Aneva Peirce. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

