# 20893 - GOD'S ARTISTRY

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

God paints the skies with vibrant shades, And sculpts the canyon walls; He weaves each snowflake like brocade, And etches waterfalls. God quilts the mossy forest floors, And chisels rocky peaks; He sprinkles seashells on the shores, And sketches rushing creeks.

### Verse 2

God decorates with stars at night, And fills the birds with song; He carves majestic mountain heights, And forges oceans strong. God plants the wildflowers in the fields, And tints the rainbows' hues; He bids the thunderclouds to peal, And spreads the morning dews.

### Verse 3

God sews the fabric of our days, And knits us to be whole; He molds our lives like potter's clay, And purifies our souls. We are God's wondrous masterpiece; We are His workmanship. His lovingkindness we can see Thru detailed craftsmanship.

### Chorus

God's artistry is manifest Thru glorious design; How marvelous to be so blest By handiwork divine.


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 8:3](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%208%3A3)

## Topics

- Creation - Act Of

## Stakeholders

- Geibel, Adam (Composer)
- Haase, Diana Nelson (Lyricist)
- Haase, Diana Nelson (Arranger)
- Haase, Diana Nelson (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2017 by Diana Nelson Haase. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

