# 20897 - COUNT THE STARS

## Notation

Ab - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

When Abraham spoke to the Lord, about his promised heir, God led him out beneath the stars to reassure him there. Look up and count the stars. Count ev'ry star you see. Look up and count the stars. So shall your children be. 

### Verse 2

Therefore a mighty nation rose from one man good as dead. Descendants numbered as the stars fulfilled what God had said. Look up and count the stars. Count ev'ry star you see. Look up and count the stars. So shall God's promise be.

### Verse 3

His children like the countless stars, He knows and calls by name. He blessed all nations thru His Son with pardon for their shame. Look up and count the stars. Count ev'ry star you see. Look up and count the stars. So shall God's blessings be.

### Verse 4

If you should ever doubt the Lord, discouraged by your fears, for ev'ry star the eye can see, just count ten thousand years. Look up and count the stars. Count ev'ry star you see. Look up and count the stars. So is eternity!

### Coda

Look up and count the stars. So shall eternity be!


## Scriptures

### Genesis 22:17

- [Genesis 22:17](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Genesis%2022%3A17)


## Topics

- Promises Of God
- Blessings

## Stakeholders

- Peirce, Aneva (Composer)
- Gardner, Jon (Lyricist)
- Peirce, Aneva (Copyright Holder)
- Gardner, Jon (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2016 by Jon Gardner and Aneva Peirce. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

