# 20905 - FROM CALVARY A CRY WAS HEARD

## Notation

F - 2/2 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

From Calvary a cry was heard A bitter and heartrending cry: Our Savior's ev'ry mournful word Spoke of His soul's deep agony.

### Verse 2

A horror of great darkness fell On Christ, the spotless holy One! And all the swarming hosts of hell Conspired to tempt God's only Son.

### Verse 3

The scourge, the thorns, the deep disgrace These Thou couldst bear, nor once repine; But when Jehovah veiled His face, sharp, overwhelming pangs were Thine.

### Verse 4

Lord! on Your cross I fix my eyes; If e'er I lose its strong control, O! let that dying, piercing cry, Melt and reclaim my wand'ring soul.

### Verse 5

Lord! on Thy cross I fix mine eye; If e'er I lose its strong control, O! let that dying, piercing cry, Melt and reclaim my wand'ring soul.


## Scriptures

### Matthew 27:46

- [Matthew 27:46](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%2027%3A46)


## Topics

- Calvary
- Christ - Crucifixion/Death

## Stakeholders

- Mason, Lowell (Composer)
- Cunningham, Janet Srygley (Lyricist)
- Haase, Diana Nelson (Arranger)
- Haase, Diana Nelson (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Arr. © Copyright 2015 by Diana Nelson Haase. All Rights Reserved.  Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

