# 20902 - THE MERCY OF CHRIST

## Notation

D - 6/4 on 6 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

How wonderful is the mercy of Christ, Delivered to us when He died for our sins: Redeeming us, paying the ultimate price, And conquering death, the vict'ry to win.

### Verse 2

How marvelous is the true love of God, Displayed by His patience and unending care: Supplying our needs with His shepherding rod, Protecting from trials, from woes, and from snares.

### Verse 3

How excellent is the sweet fellowship, Bestowed upon us by the Spirit divine: He comforts and guides us so we need not trip; He leads us to heav'n, our home upon high.

### Chorus

The mercy of Christ, the love of God, The fellowship of the Spirit divine. For all these great blessings we offer Him laud And glory and praise to our Lord God on high.


## Scriptures

### II Corinthians 13:14

- [II Corinthians 13:14](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=II%20Corinthians%2013%3A14)


## Topics

- Mercy
- Love - For God
- Fellowship - With God

## Stakeholders

- Haase, Diana Nelson (Composer)
- Haase, Diana Nelson (Lyricist)
- Haase, Diana Nelson (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2016 by Diana Nelson Haase. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

