# 20900 - PRAISE TO GOD, THE EVERLASTING ONE

## Notation

C - 4/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Praise to God, the everlasting One, Maker of the earth and sun. Wondrous grace and mercy overflows And all goodness He bestows.

### Verse 2

Praise to Christ, the Savior of our souls; Thru His blood, He makes us whole. By His pow'r and love we have been healed; He is now our hope and shield.

### Verse 3

Praise the Spirit, Comforter within, Guarding hearts and minds from sin. Bounteous blessings given ev'ry day guide us on the narrow way.

### Verse 4

Praise the Father, praise the heav'nly Son, Praise the Spirit, three in One. Faithful, joyful, thankful hearts we raise, Off'ring praises ev'ry day!


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 148:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20148%3A1)

## Topics

- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ
- Praise/Adoration - Of Father
- Praise/Adoration - Of God

## Stakeholders

- Haase, Diana Nelson (Composer)
- Haase, Diana Nelson (Lyricist)
- Dow, Diana (Arranger)
- Daw, Randy (Arranger)
- Haase, Diana Nelson (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2013 by Diana Nelson Haase. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

