# 20916 - PRAISE THE LORD IN EVERY WAY

## Notation

C - 2/4 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Praise the Lord with heartfelt singing, Psalms and hymns and spiritual songs. With a melody adore Him, Worship Him with joyful song! Praise the Lord! Praise Him in song ev'ry day!

### Verse 2

Praise the Lord with fervent praying, Speak to God all night and day. Ask in faith and He will answer, What a privilege to pray! Praise the Lord! Praise Him in pray'r ev'ry day!

### Verse 3

Praise the Lord with truthful teaching, Citing Scripture, prove each tho't. Spread His love thruout all nations, Teaching truth to friends who're lost! Praise the Lord! Praise Him in truth ev'ry day!

### Verse 4

Praise the Lord with full obedience, Keep His law with all your might. Sing and pray and spread the gospel. Let your life reflect His light! Praise the Lord! Obey His Word ev'ry day!

### Chorus

My heart will Praise the Lord with singing, Praise the Lord with praying, Praise the Lord by doing His will.  My heart will Praise the Lord with teaching, Praise the Lord, obeying, Praise the Lord in ev'ry way!


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 86:12](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2086%3A12)

## Topics

- Praise/Adoration
- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- Morrison, Richard L. (Composer)
- Morrison, Emily Anne (Lyricist)
- Morrison, Richard L. (Lyricist)
- Morrison, Richard L. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1993 by Emily Anne Morrison. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

