# 20925 - BLESS THOU THE GIFTS

## Notation

D - 3/4 on 3 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Bless Thou the gifts our hands have bro't; Bless Thou the work our hearts have planned; Ours is the faith, the will, the tho't; The rest, O God, is in Thy hand.

### Verse 2

Thine is the bounty of each day, And Thine, when we return it, still, So we can only give and pray That it should work as Thou dost will.

### Verse 3

And when we sow Thy Word, we know It is Thy harvest we shall see; We plant Thy seeds and help them grow, But all the increase comes from Thee.

### Verse 4

Almighty God, pour out Thy love And give our offering success; Without Thine aid, we cannot move, But we will serve if Thou wilt bless.


## Scriptures

### I Corinthians 3:6

- [I Corinthians 3:6](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Corinthians%203%3A6)


## Topics

- Evangelism
- Growth/Fruit-bearing

## Stakeholders

- Williams, R. V. (Composer)
- Harwood, B. (Composer)
- Longfellow, Samuel (Lyricist)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Lyricist)
- Morrison, Richard L. (Arranger)
- Morrison, Richard L. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Vss. 2-4 & Arr. © Copyright 2000 by Richard L. Morrison. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

