# 20926 - LORD, WILL YOU KNOW ME

## Notation

Eb - 12/8 on 9 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Ashamed of my Savior? I'll ever decline With merciful favor, my soul, He refines. Tho' sad, my condition and tarnished, my soul; Deserving perdition instead of His fold.

### Verse 2

O Friend, I would serve Thee, Thou light of my day; Let sin not assail me nor darken my way. Tho' often I falter and oft I may stray, Your will is my halter, Your love is my stay.

### Verse 3

So swiftly, life passes; So soon it will end, In dust and in ashes from where life began; But soon 'twill be ending as sure as the dawn, O shall I be wending my way safely home?

### Verse 4

My Lord, will You know me and not be ashamed, To say to the Father, "This one I have claimed"? And will You, my name to Jehovah, confess? O bid me, my Savior, to enter Your rest.


## Scriptures

### Revelation 3:5

- [Revelation 3:5](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%203%3A5)


## Topics

- Salvation
- Resurrection

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1995 by  O. E. Landrum &  R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

