# 20935 - BE A BLESSING

## Notation

Bb - 4/4 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Would you be a sunbeam filled with heaven's light, Shedding forth its beauty over scenes of night? In this world of sorrow, sickness, sin, and woe, Try to be a blessing ev'rywhere you go. 

### Verse 2

Where the tears are falling and the hearts are sad, Take some gospel message that will make them glad; Strive to give them comfort by some loving deed, Try to be a blessing in the time of need.

### Verse 3

Just a cup of water for the Master's sake May sweet chords of music in some bosom wake; Seek to help some pilgrim t'ward the golden land, Try to be a blessing both with voice and hand.

### Verse 4

If you follow Jesus all along life's way You will help to brighten ev'ry hour and day; Would you shine in glory brighter than the sun? Try to  be a blessing till your work is done.

### Chorus

Be a blessing on life's weary mile, Be a blessing with a word or smile, Be a blessing, ev'rywhere the same, Try to be a blessing in the Master's Name. Be a cheerful blessing Be a sunny blessing


## Scriptures

- [Galatians 6:10](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Galatians%206%3A10)

## Topics

- Encouragement
- Blessings

## Stakeholders

- Showalter, A. J. (Composer)
- Oatman, Johnson  Jr. (Lyricist)
- Morrison, Richard L. (Arranger)
- Morrison, Richard L. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Arr. © Copyright 2002 by Richard L. Morrison. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

