# 20934 - WAIT ON THE LORD

## Notation

F - 6/8 on 6 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

The Lord is my light, my salvation. Of whom shall I ever have fear? The Lord is the strength of my living. It's He I will always hold dear.

### Verse 2

The wicked cannot come against me. They rise up, then stumble and fall. Tho' battle should rise up against me, I'm confident, faithful in all.

### Verse 3

One thing I desire of my Lord is To live in His house all my life. I'll see all the beauty around me. He'll set me far over the strife.

### Verse 4

Teach me all Your glorious way, Lord. Lead me in a path that is plain. I will not lose heart in believing. The goodness of God I will gain. 

### Chorus

Wait on the Lord! Wait on the Lord! Be of good courage! He'll strengthen your heart! Just wait on the Lord!


## Scriptures

### Psalm 27:14

- [Psalm 27:14](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2027%3A14)


## Topics

- Christian Life
- Christlikeness/Godly Living

## Stakeholders

- Caldwell, Grant B. (Composer)
- Caldwell, Grant B. (Lyricist)
- Caldwell, Grant B. (Arranger)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)
- Caldwell Publications (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1997 by Caldwell Publications. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

