# 20940 - JOY HAS DAWNED

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Joy has dawned upon the world, promised from creation: God's salvation now unfurled, Hope for ev'ry nation. Not with fanfares from above, not with scenes of glory, but a humble gift of love: Jesus born of Mary.

### Verse 2

Sounds of wonder fill the sky with the songs of angels; As the mighty Prince of Life shelters in a stable. Hands that set each star in place, shaped the earth in darkness, cling now to a mother's breast, vuln'rable and helpless.

### Verse 3

Shepherds bow before the Lamb, gazing at the glory; Gifts of men from distant lands prophesy the story. Gold, a King is born today; Incense, God is with us; Myrrh, His death will make a way, by His blood He'll win us.

### Verse 4

Son of Adam, Son of heav'n, given as a ransom, reconciling God and man, Christ our mighty Champion! What a Savior, what a Friend, what a glorious myst'ry: Once a babe in Bethlehem, now the Lord of hist'ry.


## Scriptures

- [Luke 2:10](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Luke%202%3A10)

## Topics

- Joy/Rejoicing
- Christ - Savior

## Stakeholders

- Townend, Stuart (Composer)
- Getty, Keith (Composer)
- Townend, Stuart (Lyricist)
- Getty, Keith (Lyricist)
- Rogers, Mike (Arranger)
- Thankyou Music (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2004 by Thankyou Music. Admin. by Capitol CMG Publishing. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #4408246.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

