# 20943 - HIGHLY EXALTED

## Notation

E - 6/8 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Led like a Lamb, a lamb to the slaughter, You spoke not a word, but chose to be silent, tho' You did no wrong, nor was deceitfulness found in You. You were despised, You were rejected, Lord. Those who passed by even averted their gaze from the sight: Such was the suff'ring You bore for us.

### Verse 2

Yet by Your wounds our salvation has come. Yet by Your suff'ring our freedom is won.  For God has highly exalted Your name. He has enthroned You on high, Jesus the name above all names. God has highly exalted Your name. He has enthroned You on high, Jesus the name above all names.

### Verse 3

You were despised, You were rejected, Lord. Those who passed by even averted their gaze from the sight: Such was the suff'ring You bore for us.


## Scriptures

- [Isaiah 53:3](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Isaiah%2053%3A3)

## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Crucifixion/Death
- Christ - Savior

## Stakeholders

- Mark, Robin (Composer)
- Baloche, Paul (Composer)
- Mark, Robin (Lyricist)
- Baloche, Paul (Lyricist)
- Peirce, Aneva (Arranger)
- Integrity's Hosanna! Music (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2007 by Integrity Hosanna! Music. (Admin. by CMG Publishing.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #4963169.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

