# 20941 - BEAUTIFUL STAR OF BETHLEHEM

## Notation

G - 12/8 on 9 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

O, beautiful Star of Bethlehem, shining afar thru shadows dim, Giving a light for those who long have gone; And guiding the wise men on their way Unto the place where Jesus lay, Beautiful Star of Bethlehem shine on.

### Verse 2

O, beautiful Star, the hope of light, Guiding the pilgrim thru the night, Over the mountain 'til the break of dawn; And into the light of perfect day It will give out a lovely ray, Beautiful Star of Bethlehem shine on.

### Verse 3

O, beautiful Star, the hope of rest, For the redeemed, the good, the blest, Yonder in glory when the crown is won; For Jesus is now that Star divine, Brighter and brighter He will shine.  Beautiful Star of Bethlehem shine on. He will shine.

### Chorus

O, beautiful Star of Bethlehem, Shine upon us until the glory dawn; O, give us Thy light to light the way Into the land of perfect day, Beautiful Star of Bethlehem shine on.


## Scriptures

### Luke 2:10

- [Luke 2:10](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Luke%202%3A10)


## Topics

- Christ - Light

## Stakeholders

- Pace, Adger M. (Composer)
- Boyce, R. Fisher (Composer)
- Pace, Adger M. (Lyricist)
- Boyce, R. Fisher (Lyricist)
- Vaughn, James D. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1940. Renewed 1967 by James D. Vaughan. (Admin. by Music Services, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #128709.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

