# 20942 - HIS LOVE COMPELS ME

## Notation

Db - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

He who does not love, does not know my God; He who does not love, does not know my God. He sent His only Son to save me, Buy me back, forgive, and cleanse me; Calls me now to live for Him so faithfully! O by His love He compels me, Thru amazing love compels me; I must live for Him who died and rose for me. 

### Verse 2

What amazing love:  Jesus came to die; What amazing love:  Jesus came to die. He came from heaven to redeem me, Died and rose aagain to save me; Calls me now to live with Him eternally!

### Verse 3

I must tell the story of this matchless love; I must tell the story of this matchless love, That whosoever will may come,  Live in hope till life is done,  Have the home prepared for those who serve in love.


### Coda

O by His love He compels me, Thru amazing love compels me; I must live for Him who died and rose for me.


## Scriptures

- [II Corinthians 5:14](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=II%20Corinthians%205%3A14)

## Topics

- Love
- Love - Of God
- Love - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- Sewell, Norman E. (Composer)
- Shepard, Dane K. (Composer)
- Sewell, Norman E. (Lyricist)
- Sewell, Norman E. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2016 by Norman Sewell.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

