# 20951 - A NEW SONG

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

I waited calmly for the Lord; He kindly heard my cry. He pulled me from the miry clay, The pit where I might die. He set my feet upon a rock, To firm the way I trod, And put a new song in my mouth, A song of praise to God.

### Verse 2

I sing that song before the Lord And bless His wondrous ways Because His mighty acts are such That I must offer praise. He formed creation with His Word And made the skies above. He works in faithfulness and truth And fills the earth with love.

### Verse 3

Some day, a pure and blameless host, Possessed by God alone, Will learn another song to sing Before His holy throne. I long to join that newer song And swell its mighty chords As one so purchased from the earth As firstfruits to the Lord.

### Coda

Alleluia! Amen. Amen.


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 33:3](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2033%3A3)

## Topics

- Praise/Adoration
- Praise/Adoration - Of God

## Stakeholders

- Morrison, Richard L. (Composer)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Lyricist)
- Morrison, Richard L. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2000 by Richard L. Morrison. All Rights Reserved.  Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

