# 20953 - SUPPER WITH THE KING

## Notation

Ab - 3/4 on 3 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

I have met to eat Your supper, Lord, And I truly count the cost. O help me discern Your body now, As You died on Calvary's cross.

### Verse 2

Let  me see Your outstretched nailscarred hands,  And the thorns that made Your crown.  And the Roman sword that pierced Your side, Then Your life's blood flowed freely down. 

### Verse 3

Let me see that borrowed empty tomb. Risen Savior! King of Kings! As I eat believing  in Your word, My true worship now do I bring. 

### Verse 4

I believe thatYou will come again, And the saved ones You will reap. I will claim my final cleansing then, I will worship at Your dear feet. 


## Scriptures

### I Corinthians 11:28

- [I Corinthians 11:28](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Corinthians%2011%3A28)


## Topics

- Lord's Supper
- Lord's Supper - Observance
- Lord's Supper - Remembrance

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- McGee, Mary K. (Lyricist)
- McGee, Mary K. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1998 by Mary K. McGee & Pauline Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

