# 20964 - TAKE TIME TO PRAY

## Notation

D - 3/4 on 2+ - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Take time to pray, unto the Father hallowed be His name. He is a rock, He is a refuge and ever He's the same. He is a strong and mighty tow'r, He ever ruleth with His pow'r upon mankind. His mercy show'rs Worthy of praise is He.

### Verse 2

In Jesus' name, bow down before Him: the creator of all. He made the sun, the moon, the stars, even this terrestrial ball, The sea and all that is therein, And from Him did all life begin. Now over these should

### Verse 3

Let hearts be filled with great thanksgiving, to Him who blesseth all. He giveth life unto His creatures both to the great and small. He sendeth sunshine and the rain, Provideth fruit and golden grain, Maketh life pleasant tho' there's pain Thanks to Him ever be.


## Scriptures

### Luke 11:2

- [Luke 11:2](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Luke%2011%3A2)


## Topics

- Prayer
- Prayer - Petition
- Christ - Rock/Refuge

## Stakeholders

- Thompson, Joseph Denton (Composer)
- Thompson, Joseph Denton (Lyricist)
- Garton, Duane (Arranger)
- Thompson, Joseph Denton (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1983 by Joseph Denton Thompson. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

