# 20967 - VOYAGE OF LIFE

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Life is like unto a voyage o'er a wild and raging sea, The gale doth blow, the waves dash high. Dangers threaten 'long the way as we are sailing on the sea, But there is One, who's ever nigh.

### Verse 2

There is darkness to engulf us as we sail along the way, The world allures, the tempter charms. He is the light, He keeps from harm. If we follow Jesus' teaching, we can travel as in day.

### Verse 3

Souls in darkness look to Jesus, He's the true and living way,  He stills the gale, He calms the sea. O, look to Him, and be set free. Calm and peace will be your lot if you will joyfully obey.


### Chorus

Jesus is the One to pilot us across this treach'rous sea. Chart and compass hath been giv'n to you and me. Let us use the means provided for our own security. He will assure and will protect both you and


## Scriptures

- [Matthew 8:26](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%208%3A26)

## Topics

- Christ - Guide/Leader
- Christ
- Christ - Light

## Stakeholders

- Thompson, Joseph Denton (Composer)
- Thompson, Joseph Denton (Lyricist)
- Garton, Duane (Arranger)
- Thompson, Joseph Denton (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1985 by Joseph Denton Thompson. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. Dedicated to my loving wife, Phyllis.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

