# 20966 - THE TIME IS NOW

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

We invite you to partake of all blessings for your sake. Hear the gentle voice of Jesus calling you. He will free you from your sin, a new life you may begin, By obeying His commands unto you.

### Verse 2

It is easy to delay, many things stand in the way, Hind'ring you in your acceptance of the Word. Things of earth will all decay, Heav'n and earth shall pass away, Time will cease and you will stand before the 

### Verse 3

Longer you should not delay, come unto the Lord today. Joy and peace a troubled heart will fully still. Justified by faith you'll be, sanctified from sin, set free. Complete happiness your heart will surely fill.

### Chorus

Now is the time you can secure the promised blessings offered you. Obey the Lord with Heav'n in view. Now is the only time that's sure.

### Coda

Now is the only time that's sure.


## Scriptures

### Hebrews 3:7

- [Hebrews 3:7](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Hebrews%203%3A7)


## Topics

- Invitation
- Judgment

## Stakeholders

- Thompson, Joseph Denton (Composer)
- Thompson, Joseph Denton (Lyricist)
- Garton, Duane (Arranger)
- Thompson, Joseph Denton (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1985 by Joseph Denton Thompson. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

