# 20968 - BECAUSE OF YOU AND ME

## Notation

D - 9/8 on 7 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

On the night before He died in the garden Jesus cried, "Father, if it so may be, let this cup depart from me." "Not my will but Thine be done," was the cry of God's dear Son. O, how great the burden felt because of you and me.

### Verse 2

When the jeering mob drew nigh swords and staves they held up high. As a thief, they treated Him cruel hearts in cruel men. Before Pilate they did cry, "Crucify Him, crucify." O, what shame they heaped on Him because of you and me.

### Verse 3

Buried then in Joseph's tomb all was darkness, all was gloom. His enemies were filled with glee it seemed to them a victory. His disciples all had fled. Fear had filled their hearts with dread. But His love did never fail because of you and me.

### Verse 4

On the Resurrection day when the stone was rolled away, Jesus came forth from the tomb to remove all doubt and gloom. Angels then removed the fear, "He is ris'n, He is not here." O, how great the victory because of you and me.


## Scriptures

- [Matthew 26:42](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%2026%3A42)

## Topics

- Lord's Supper - Remembrance
- Christ - Sacrifice
- Christ - Crucifixion/Death

## Stakeholders

- Thompson, Joseph Denton (Composer)
- Thompson, Joseph Denton (Lyricist)
- Thompson, Joseph Denton (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1983 by Joseph Denton Thompson. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

