# 20969 - LOOKING FOR THAT BRIGHTER DAY

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

As I travel on the highway going thru this present life, I am happy as I journey on the way. For my Savior is beside me thru all pain and thru all strife, but I'm looking for that brighter day.

### Verse 2

O the way that is called blessed, it is narrow, it is strait, but it leads at last to heaven as the goal. Tho' the pathway may be rugged I will not have long to wait, soon I'll reach the blessed home of the soul.

### Verse 3

Won't you come and journey with me, O what fellowship so sweet, As we help each other all along the way. Lifting up the hanging hands and making strong the feeble feet, we'll be looking for that brighter day.

### Chorus

I am traveling along Going to place of song. trav'ling on, trav'ling on. Go-ing to that place of song. Thru eternity I'll sing with the blessing of my heav'nly King.


## Scriptures

### Hebrews 11:16

- [Hebrews 11:16](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Hebrews%2011%3A16)


## Topics

- Heaven
- Heaven - Eternal Home

## Stakeholders

- Thompson, Joseph Denton (Composer)
- Thompson, Joseph Denton (Lyricist)
- Garton, Duane (Arranger)
- Thompson, Joseph Denton (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1985 by Joseph Denton Thompson. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. Dedicated to Evangelist Floyd Thompson and his beloved wife, Ruth.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

