# 20965 - LIFT UP YOUR HEADS

## Notation

Bb - 4/4 on 2+ - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Lift up your heads, O ye gates. Be lifted up, ye doors. The King of Glory enters in to reign till time's no more. The Lord of hosts is now the King. Worthy of praise which I now bring. Glory and honor to His Name; He is the King of Kings.

### Verse 2

Lift up your heads, O ye gates. Be lifted up, ye doors. The King of Glory enters in to reign till time's no more. Of Christ my King I'll ever sing. My lips shall praises ever ring. A living sacrifice I bring; I bow before my King.

### Verse 3

Lift up your heads, O ye gates. Be lifted up, ye doors. The King of Glory enters in to reign till time's no more. My pray'rs are offered in the name of Him who ever is the same. My lips His name shall ever frame; He intercedes for me.


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 24:7](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2024%3A7)

## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Kingship/Lordship
- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- Thompson, Joseph Denton (Composer)
- Thompson, Joseph Denton (Lyricist)
- Garton, Duane (Arranger)
- Thompson, Joseph Denton (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1979 by Joseph Denton Thompson. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

