# 20970 - JESUS, OUR LIFE AND LIGHT

## Notation

Ab - 9/8 on 7 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Traveling thru this vale of tears on and on thruout the years, There is a light that shines so bright in our lives along the way. But this light is not our own; It is His who did atone: The Christ that leads us to eternal day.

### Verse 2

Out of the darkness of the past into this glorious light at last, As we now walk, so will we talk of our Lord from day to day. 'Tis a joy of Him to speak, Giving strength unto the weak helping him travel in the narrow way.

### Verse 3

Sinners do in darkness stay ever farther from the way, Need to be taught and to be bro't into the brightness of noon's day. May our lights while shining bright, Turn the lost back to the right so that Christ may shine in them each day.

### Chorus

Jesus is our life and light, guiding always in the right. Precious is the Christ to you and me. Truly He's our dearest Friend. He'll be with us to the end. To us a comfort this will ever be.


## Scriptures

- [John 12:46](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%2012%3A46)

## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Light
- Evangelism

## Stakeholders

- Thompson, Joseph Denton (Composer)
- Thompson, Joseph Denton (Lyricist)
- Garton, Duane (Arranger)
- Thompson, Joseph Denton (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1989 by Joseph Denton Thompson. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

