# 20976 - IMAGINE WHAT HEAVEN WILL BE

## Notation

Db - 6/8 on 6 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Do you listen to mockingbirds singing? Have you watched the flight of a bee? Do you gaze at silver lined clouds in the sky? Imagine what heaven will be.  Have you noticed the details in snowflakes, Each one bright unique mystery? If our God created no two flakes alike, Just imagine what heaven will be. 

### Verse 2

When presened with your little baby, Precious gift that you oversee, Does your heart swell nigh unto bursting each day? Imagine what heaven will be. Do you blush to remember your past sins, Living reckless and carelessly? There's no joy like having your sins all forgiv'n. Just imagine what heaven will be. 

### Chorus

Eye hath not seen what the Lord has prepared For His loved ones like you and like me. Heavenly glories are waiting I know. Just imagine what heaven will be.  


## Scriptures

### I Corinthians 2:9

- [I Corinthians 2:9](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Corinthians%202%3A9)


## Topics

- Heaven
- Forgiveness/Pardon

## Stakeholders

- Garrison, Gayle D. (Composer)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Garrison, Gayle D. (Lyricist)
- Garrison, Gayle D. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2009 by Gayle D. Garrison. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.

