# 20984 - THE LORD IS AT HAND

## Notation

Eb - 6/8 on 6 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

The Lord has made me a promise, "I'll never leave nor forsake." I shall not fear what man shall do. My Helper a path will make. what man shall do. My helper a path  will make.

### Verse 2

The Lord has made me a promise, "There will be always a way." He's faithful to me in ev'ry trial. Escape He provides each day.

### Verse 3

The Lord has made me a promise, "All of these things I will add." Seek first the kingdom of God and right. No worry will e'er be had.

### Verse 4

The Lord has made me a promise, "Thru Christ all things can be done." To be abased or how to abound, In Him vict'ry I have won.

### Chorus

The Lord's at hand! Yes, He's at hand! He'll never leave your side. With thankfulness, make your requests! Trust Him fully to provide!


## Scriptures

### Philippians 4:5

- [Philippians 4:5](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Philippians%204%3A5)


## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Guide/Leader

## Stakeholders

- Caldwell, Grant B. (Composer)
- Caldwell, Grant B. (Lyricist)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)
- Caldwell Publications (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1998 by Caldwell Publications. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

