# 20986 - BEAUTIFUL ATTITUDES

## Notation

Eb - 6/4 on 6 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

The poor in spirit are blessed, For God's kingdom they receive. Those mourning their sins are blessed, His comfort their grief relieves; O, blest are the gentle in heart. With joys on earth blessings start. O, blest are the gentle in heart, With joys on earth blessings start.

### Verse 2

Those yearning for right are blessed. A satisfied soul they gain. The merciful ones are blessed. His mercy they will obtain. O, blest are the poor ones in heart. God's favor will ne'er depart. O, blest are the pure ones in heart. God's favor will ne'er depart.

### Verse 3

Those striving for peace are blessed, For God calls them His own sons. Those suff'ring for right are blessed, In glory His chosen ones. O, blest are the lives which include Such beautiful attitudes. O, blest are the lives which include Such beautiful attitudes.


## Scriptures

### Matthew 5:2

- [Matthew 5:2](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%205%3A2)


## Topics

- Blessings
- Comfort/Encouragement
- Mercy

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Hartsell, Huey P. (Lyricist)
- Hartsell, Huey P. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1997 by Huey P. Hartsell & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

