# 20989 - I'M FOLLOWING JESUS

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 2 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

I'm climbing the mountains, the mountains of faith Each day I get closer to the heavenly gate Where Jesus, my Savior, is waiting for me And that's why I'm climbing: so heaven I'll see.

### Verse 2

I want to see Jesus, make heaven my home I want to see Jesus, no more shall I roam Tho' none may go with me, I'll look for Him there I want to see Jesus, His glory to share.

### Verse 3

I want to see heaven; walk streets of gold I want to see heaven and riches untold I want to see loved ones who've gone on before I want to see heaven and sorrow no more.

### Chorus

I'm following Jesus from here to glory; I know He saved me, I'm heavenward bound; In that bright homeland, I'll praise Him forever; I'm following Jesus; I'll receive a crown.


## Scriptures

### Hebrews 11:16

- [Hebrews 11:16](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Hebrews%2011%3A16)


## Topics

- Following Jesus
- Heaven - Eternal Home
- Praise/Adoration

## Stakeholders

- Conner, Jay (Composer)
- Conner, Jay (Lyricist)
- Conner, Carol (Lyricist)
- Hearne, Craig (Lyricist)
- Hearne, Kim (Lyricist)
- Conner, Jay (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2000 by Jay Conner. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

