# 20985 - OUR GOD, CREATOR OF ALL

## Notation

A - 3/4 on 3 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

When I look toward the sky, then I know that He is nigh, All the beauty that I see is made by Him. As I look at what He's done, I know He is the One, the only God, our Father above.

### Verse 2

When I see the trees so tall, or the showers as they fall, As I watch the sunset hide behind the hill, Then my heart is filled with love; For my Father above, He made the world so lovely for me. 

### Verse 3

As I watch a bird in flight, or see twinkling stars at night, When I feel a gentle breeze upon my face, I've no doubt that He's the One from Whom blessings come, Almighty God, our Father and King.

### Chorus

There is one God, He created all things, He made our world so beautiful. How can some look at what He's done, and say He is not the One? He is our God, the only God in heaven above. 


## Scriptures

- [I Corinthians 8:6](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Corinthians%208%3A6)

## Topics

- God
- God - Creator
- Creation

## Stakeholders

- Durbin, Suzanne (Composer)
- Durbin, Suzanne (Lyricist)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)
- Durbin, Suzanne (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1999 by Suzanne Durbin. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

