# 20988 - OUR SALVATION

## Notation

Ab - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

We are sanctified and chosen By the Spirit of our God To obey our Lord and Savior And be sprinkled with His blood. By His death and resurrection We are given a new birth: An inheritance in heaven That shall never lose its worth.

### Verse 2

We are waiting for a Savior Whom our eyes can not perceive, Yet, rejoicing, we adore Him And not seeing, we believe. Tho this faith is often tested, Tried like gold thru fire and coals, We obtain its final outcome: The salvation of our souls.

### Verse 3

We believe a living message That shall never fade away. Words enduring and immortal, Words we treasure and obey; Prophecies that Christ would suffer To fulfill redemption's plan; Revelations of the glory That would come thru Him to man.

### Verse 4

We have been redeemed and purchased, Not with silver or with gold, But with blood, unblemished, spotless, Of the Lamb who was foretold. Let us gird our minds for action And conduct ourselves in fear, Firmly hoping in salvation That is ready to appear.


## Scriptures

### I Peter 1:3

- [I Peter 1:3](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Peter%201%3A3)


## Topics

- Salvation
- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- Harber, Matthew L. (Composer)
- Holt, Joel P. (Lyricist)
- Holt, Joel P. (Copyright Holder)
- Harber, Matthew L. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2016 by Joel P. Holt and Matthew L. Harber. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

