# 20995 - ON THE OTHER SIDE OF JORDAN

## Notation

C - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

On the other side of Jordan there our loved ones we shall meet; It will be a glad reunion when we sit at Jesus' feet. On the other side of Jordan where no tears will e'er be known. On the other side of Jordan we'll be home.

### Verse 2

On the other side of Jordan when we see the Savior's face, We will praise the One who made us and give thanks for saving grace. On the other side of Jordan there His glory will be shown. On the other side of Jordan we'll be home.

### Verse 3

On the other side of Jordan 'tis a land beyond compare; And the Father, Son and Spirit wait with welcome arms up there. On the other side of Jordan never more the need to roam. On the other side of Jordan we'll be home.

### Chorus

On the other side of Jordan we shall dwell forever more; With the saints and the redeemed ones over on the golden shore. On the other side of Jordan heaven waits across the foam. On the other side of Jordan we'll be home.


## Scriptures

### Deuteronomy 11:31

- [Deuteronomy 11:31](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Deuteronomy%2011%3A31)


## Topics

- Heaven
- Heaven - Eternal Home

## Stakeholders

- Conner, Jay (Composer)
- Gann, Nolan (Lyricist)
- Conner, Jay (Lyricist)
- Conner, Carol (Lyricist)
- Conner, Jay (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2000 by Jay Conner. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

