# 20998 - SONG OF JONAH

## Notation

D - 6/8 on 6 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

The waters rushed in all around me; Deep darkness encompassed my soul. The tempest engulfed me and drowned me; Leviathan swallowed me whole. The bars of the earth sealed behind me, Far down where the mountains are moored; And there, where no helper could find me, I looked in despair for the LORD. I looked in despair for the LORD.

### Verse 2

Distressed by my folly and error, Ashamed of my cowardly flight, I cried out in torment and terror, "LORD, have I been cast from Your sight?" Yet when I was fainting in spirit, Entangled in death's mighty cord, I prayed, and I knew He would hear it: I called on the name of the LORD. I called on the name of the LORD.

### Verse 3

I sing with the voice of thanksgiving And worship the God who can save, Who led me to lands of the living, And rescued my soul from the grave. Each vow I have sworn I will pay Him; My service will be my reward. With gratitude I will obey Him; Salvation belongs to the LORD. Salvation belongs to the LORD.


## Scriptures

### Jonah 2:7

- [Jonah 2:7](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Jonah%202%3A7)


## Topics

- Salvation
- Christ - Savior

## Stakeholders

- Harber, Matthew L. (Composer)
- Harber, Matthew L. (Lyricist)
- Harber, Matthew L. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2015 by Matthew L. Harber. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

