# 20999 - WHAT A BEAUTIFUL NAME IT IS

## Notation

E - 4/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

You were the Word at the beginning. One with God the Lord Most High. Your hidden glory in creation, now revealed in You, our Christ. What a wonderful name it is, what a wonderful name it is, the name of Jesus Christ, my King. What a wonderful name it is, nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is, the name of Jesus. Death could not hold You, the veil tore before You. You silenced the boast of sin and grave. The heavens are roaring the praise of Your glory. For You are raised to life again. You have no rival, You have no equal. Now and forever God You reign. Yours is the King-dom, Yours is the glory. Yours is the Name above all names.

### Verse 2

What a powerful name it is, what a powerful name it is, the name of Jesus Christ, my King.  What a powerful name it is, nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is, the name of Jesus. 


## Scriptures

- [Philippians 2:9](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Philippians%202%3A9)

## Topics

- Christ - Word/Way
- Christ - Name

## Stakeholders

- Fielding, Ben (Composer)
- Ligertwood, Brooke (Composer)
- Fielding, Ben (Lyricist)
- Ligertwood, Brooke (Lyricist)
- Peirce, Aneva (Arranger)
- Hillsong Music Publishing (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2016 by Hillsong Music Publishing. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #7068424.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

