# 20992 - PATH OF SORROW

## Notation

F - 6/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

As a lamb at last forsaken, Knowing not its final fate.  Caring less of dread or sorrow, Caring less for what may wait. Like a lamb, without awareness? No, my Savior knew full well, Of the dreaded cross of sorrows. Doth not e'en the prophets tell.

### Verse 2

Doth not e'en the writ of ages, Say that Jesus was to be? That the Holy one be lifted, High, there on the bitter tree? Look, perhaps your soul may view it. E'en thy spirit ears may hear, Jesus softly, quietly praying. Not for self nor out of fear.

### Verse 3

Let my head bow down in sorrow. Let my mind forever dwell, On the path that led to Calv'ry, Path my Lord hath followed well, With  the rood all saturated, With my sins, O yes, I see. He's my Lord nor would He falter, On the way to Calvary.  


## Scriptures

- [Mark 8:34](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Mark%208%3A34)

## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Crucifixion/Death

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2003 by O. E. Landrum & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

