# 20993 - PRAISE, MY SOUL, THE KING

## Notation

Bb - 4/4 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Praise, my soul, the King of heaven, To His feet your tribute bring; Ransomed, healed, restored, forgiven, Evermore His praises sing. Alleluia! Alleluia! Praise the everlasting King!

### Verse 2

Praise Him for His grace and favor To our fathers in distress; Praise Him, still the same as ever, Slow to chide and swift to bless. Alleluia! Alleluia! Glorious is His faithfulness!

### Verse 3

Fatherlike, He tends and spares us; Well our feeble frame He knows, In His hands He gently bears us, Rescues us from all our foes. Alleluia! Alleluia! Widely yet His mercy flows!

### Verse 4

Angels in the height, adore Him, You behold Him face to face; Saints triumphant, bow before Him; Gathered in from ev'ry race. Alleluia! Alleluia! Praise with us the God of grace!


## Scriptures

### Psalm 103:2

- [Psalm 103:2](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20103%3A2)


## Topics

- Praise/Adoration
- Praise/Adoration - Of God

## Stakeholders

- Smart, Henry T. (Composer)
- Lyte, Henry F. (Lyricist)
- Shepard, Dane K. (Arranger)
- Public Domain (Copyright Holder)
- Shepard, Dane K. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Arr. © Copyright 2009 by Dane K. Shepard. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

