# 21008 - HELP ME, LORD, TO STAND

## Notation

Db - 4/4 on 4+ - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Help me, O, Lord, to do Thy will, humbly now I pray; Help me, to Thee, my service give all along my way; That I, O, Lord, may live for Thee, do Thy blest command When trying moments come to me, Help me, Lord, to stand.

### Verse 2

Help me when I am prone to stray from Thy blessed fold, Help me to walk in Thine own way to the gates of gold; And when I'm burdened down with care, hold me by Thy hand; And when my load is hard to bear, Help me, Lord, to stand.

### Verse 3

Help me to walk the narrow road, Lord, I humbly pray. Help me to bear some others' load  struggling in the way; Help me to build upon the Rock, not upon the sand. And when shall come the tempest shock, Help me, Lord to stand.

### Chorus

Help me, O, Lord, to stand each tempest shock That comes along my way, along my way; Help me to stand upon the solid Rock, And live for Thee each day, for Thee each day. Be Thou my guiding Star, my guiding Star And hold me by Thy hand, yes, by Thy hand; And when I face the judgment, judgment bar, Help me, O, Lord, to stand, to bravely stand. 


## Scriptures

### Galatians 5:1

- [Galatians 5:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Galatians%205%3A1)


## Topics

- Christian Life
- Christ - Word/Way

## Stakeholders

- Faust, Byron (Composer)
- Faust, Byron (Lyricist)
- James D. Vaughan, Music Publishers (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1945. Renewed 1972 by James D. Vaughan, Music Publisher. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #134456.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

