# 21004 - HIDE YOU IN THE BLOOD

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Come from the loathsome way of sin, Hide you in the blood of Jesus; Come, for the Lord will take you in, Hide you in the blood of Jesus.

### Verse 2

Come to the shelter's safe retreat, Hide you in the blood of Jesus; Come, for the storms around you beat, Hide you in the blood of Jesus.

### Verse 3

Come, for your sins the Lord has bled, Hide you in the blood of Jesus; Come, tho' they be like crimson red, Hide you in the blood of Jesus.

### Verse 4

Come, there is safety in the blood, Hide you in the blood of Jesus; Now plunge beneath the crimson flood, Hide you in the blood of Jesus.

### Verse 5

Come now, believing in the Lord, Hide you in the blood of Jesus; Trusting His grace and precious word, Hide you in the blood of Jesus.

### Verse 6

Come from your burden, come apart, Hide you in the blood of Jesus; Give Him possession of your heart, Hide you in the blood of Jesus.

### Verse 7

Come for the crisis hour is near, Hide you in the blood of Jesus; The King of kings will soon appear, Hide you in the blood of Jesus.

### Chorus

O hide you in the blood, For the storms are raging high, O hide you in the blood, Till the dangers pass you by.


## Scriptures

### Ephesians 2:13

- [Ephesians 2:13](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Ephesians%202%3A13)


## Topics

- Invitation
- Christ - Savior

## Stakeholders

- Sewell, Hampton H. (Composer)
- Sewell, Hampton H. (Lyricist)
- Winsett, R. E. (Lyricist)
- Winsett, R. E. (Arranger)
- Gospel Publishing House (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Arr. © 1925 by Thoro Harris. Assigned 1985 to Gospel Publishing House. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #512126.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

