# 21019 - IN THE STRENGTH OF THE LORD

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

In the strength of the Lord let us work all our days; Thru the pow'r of His word He can make sure our ways. In the strength of His might let us fear no defeat; Life with Him He will give when our task is complete.

### Verse 2

In the strength of the Lord let us serve with our hands: Tend the sick and the poor, help the lame ones to stand. By the strength that He gives let us courage supply That the faint may revive and to God praise ascribe.

### Verse 3

In the strength of the Lord let us stand for the right; Let us battle for truth in the strength of His might. Clad in armor from God, holding faith always firm We can evil withstand, nor our souls can it harm.

### Verse 4

In the strength of the Lord let us face life's decay; Let us look to the dawn of a far better day. Earthly form laid aside, dressed in glory sublime, We may claim heav'nly life thru His power divine.

### Coda

In the strength of the Lord, in the pow'r of His might, Let us stand, firmly stand, Walk by faith, not by sight. All our foes, all our woes, we can face and o'ercome, And at last on that Day hear Him say, "Welcome home!" 


## Scriptures

### Psalm 27:1

- [Psalm 27:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2027%3A1)


## Topics

- Service
- Work And Service

## Stakeholders

- Alexander, Gilbert (Composer)
- Alexander, Gilbert (Lyricist)
- Alexander, Gilbert (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2001 by Gilbert Alexander. All Rights Reserve. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

