# 21011 - GOD'S OWN

## Notation

G - 6/4 on 6 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

God's own are a people who have been set apart. By His word they are sanctified wholly in heart; They follow the right way and evil eschew, Seeking always to please Him in all that they do. Are we among that number today? Will Jesus reward us on that fateful day? When judgment comes and heaven awaits, will Jesus receive us, O, what will He say?

### Verse 2

God's own are His priesthood bringing off'rings to give, Filled with righteous devotion, for Jesus they live; They bring to the altar their deeds and their words, Dressed in garments of holiness, true to their Lord. Are we among that number today? Will Jesus reward us on that fateful day? When judgment comes and heaven awaits, will Jesus receive us, O, what will He say?

### Verse 3

God's own are His soldiers, in the battle He leads; From the sword of the Spirit the enemy flees; No conflict so great as the great fight of faith; In the war against evil they stand unto death. Are we among that number today? Will Jesus reward us on that fateful day? When judgment comes and heaven awaits, will Jesus receive us, O, what will He say?

### Verse 4

God's own are His children with their Father above; He is teaching and chast'ning and watching in love; What joy is awaiting when faith's path they've trod, To be welcomed to heav'n to the bosom of God. Are we among that number today? Will Jesus reward us on that fateful day? When judgment comes and heaven awaits, will Jesus receive us, O, then will He say, "Well done"?


## Scriptures

- [Matthew 25:21](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%2025%3A21)

## Topics

- Church - Family Of God
- Child Of God

## Stakeholders

- Alexander, Gilbert (Composer)
- Alexander, Gilbert (Lyricist)
- Alexander, Gilbert (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1994 by Gilbert Alexander. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.

