# 21013 - MAKE IT KNOWN

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

There's a story that is old, But tho' oft it has been told, It is one which makes the heart of man rejoice, For it tells of One who died, on the cross was crucified, Make it known that all may heed the Master's voice.

### Verse 2

Go ye into all the world, Keep the Gospel flag unfurled, Tell the lost they must believe, obey His word; Many souls in blindness grope, without God, without a hope, You must work till they the Gospel call have heard.

### Verse 3

Do not linger, do not shirk, For the Master we must work, Christ commands you "Go," on you He now depends; Go ye morning, night and noon, your reward is sure and soon, Preach the Gospel of the Lord where'er He sends.

### Chorus

Make it known, make it known, Send the Gospel story all the world around; Let the joyful message ring as of Jesus' love we sing. That the souls now lost in darkness may be found.


## Scriptures

- [Mark 16:15](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Mark%2016%3A15)

## Topics

- Love - Of Christ
- Gospel

## Stakeholders

- Harris, Roy (Composer)
- Harris, Roy (Lyricist)
- Sacred Selections, R. E. Winsett, LLC (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1956 by Sacred Selections, R. E. Winsett, LLC.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #1957965.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

