# 21016 - CAN YOU SING

## Notation

Bb - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 3

Do your friends give comfort, Strength to help you conquer? Do they live as God would have you do? Do you help your neighbor, Finding joy in labor As you walk in light so true?

### Verse 1

Do you feel like singing As you think of Heaven, Do you have the joy of hope within? Are your burdens lighter, Does your day seem brighter As you cast on Him your care?

### Verse 2

Are you filled with gladness, Have no cause for sadness When you meet with saints to worship Him? Do you share with others As your sisters, brothers, Joy in God's salvation fair?

### Verse 4

You can have God's blessings, Live a life refreshing If you truly give yourself to Him, You can be a light to Ev'ry fellow pilgrim, Thru the One who lives in you.

### Chorus

Can you sing, "I love the Lord"? Are you living by His word? Are you trusting Him each day, Walking in the narrow way? Can you truly sing, "He is my King"? 


## Scriptures

### Ephesians 5:18

- [Ephesians 5:18](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Ephesians%205%3A18)


## Topics

- Singing
- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- Alexander, Gilbert (Composer)
- Alexander, Gilbert (Lyricist)
- Alexander, Gilbert (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1987 by Gilbert Alexander. All Rights Reserve. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

