# 21015 - MY SINS, MY SINS, MY SAVIOR

## Notation

E - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

My sins, my sins, my Savior! Their guilt I never knew Till with You in the desert I near Your passion drew; Till with You in the garden I heard Your pleading pray'r, And saw Your blood-sweat falling That told Your sorrow there.

### Verse 2

My sins, my sins, my Savior! They captivate my view, I cannot lift my head up, Save only, Christ, to You; In You is all forgiveness, In You, abundant grace, My shadow and my sunshine, The brightness of Your face.

### Verse 3

My sins, my sins, my Savior! How fierce on You they fall; Seen thru Your gentle patience, I, tenfold feel them all; But now they are forgiven, Salvation heals my pain; You bore my grief and sorrow, When You were scorned and slain.

### Verse 4

My songs, my songs, my Savior, Thru-out my time of woe, Shall magnify Your goodness To sinful men below; Your mercy and Your favor, Whose presence from above Relieve those hearts, my Savior, That live in You and love.


## Scriptures

- [Romans 5:8](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans%205%3A8)

## Topics

- Forgiveness/Pardon
- Salvation
- Christ - Savior

## Stakeholders

- Berman, Timothy L. (Composer)
- Monsell, John S. B. (Lyricist)
- Berman, Timothy L. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2014 by Timothy L. Berman. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

