# 21017 - THOU LOVEST ME STILL

## Notation

F - 6/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Teach me, O Lord, to love Thee still, Fully obedient to Thy will, Living in hope and joy in Thee, Knowing that Thou still lovest me.

### Verse 2

Troubles may come and trials sore, Sorrows more deep than e'er before, Still I will put my trust in Thee, Knowing that Thou still lovest me.

### Verse 3

Should I receive prosperity, Pleasures and joys abundantly, May I still give glad praise to Thee, Knowing that Thou still loved me.

### Verse 4

When in eternity I stand, Judgment receive from Thy own hand, This will my sweet assurance be, Knowing that Thou hast loved me.

### Verse 5

Then with the angels let me sing, With Thy dear saints make anthems ring, Joy in the endless victory, Knowing that Thou still lovest me.

### Chorus

Lovest me so graciously! How blest is my soul! Thou lovest me still! 


## Scriptures

- [I John 4:16](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20John%204%3A16)

## Topics

- Love - Of Christ
- Blessings

## Stakeholders

- Alexander, Gilbert (Composer)
- Alexander, Gilbert (Lyricist)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)
- Alexander, Gilbert (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1986 by Gilbert Alexander. All Rights Reserve. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

