# 21021 - CHILDREN OF HEAVEN

## Notation

Db - 3/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Children of heaven, Lord, by Your grace: Sinners, forgiven In Your embrace, Plucked from the waters, Bro't from afar, Called sons and daughters, And so we are. Called sons and daughters, And so we are.

### Verse 2

Children of heaven, Faithful each day: As You have given, May we repay, Showing our neighbor Grace from above, Patient in labor, Fervent in love. Patient in labor, Fervent in love.

### Verse 3

Children of heaven, Blameless and bright, Hidden like leaven, Shining like light, True till we gather, Ransomed and blessed, One with our Father, Safe in His rest. One with our Father, Safe in His rest.


## Scriptures

- [II Corinthians 6:18](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=II%20Corinthians%206%3A18)

## Topics

- Child Of God
- Christlikeness/Godly Living

## Stakeholders

- Morrison, Richard L. (Composer)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Lyricist)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Copyright Holder)
- Morrison, Richard L. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright © Copyright 2015 by Matt Bassford and Richard L. Morrison. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

