# 21034 - WELL DONE, MY CHILD

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 3+ - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Life is full of full of trials, and great temptations. We can call on God to help us thru. We're all  His children, He loves so much. We can count on Him; Can He count on us? 

### Verse 2

Lift up the up the fallen from great destruction, That  they might see their erring ways. Help them be learning God's holy word, That directs them up To heaven above. 

### Verse 3

Parents love your children As our God loves you. That they may have a happy home. Teach them to have faith that is unfeigned, That will lead them thru God's heavenly gate.

### Verse 4

We know not the hour when God will call us. Let us all prepare to meet our fate. We pray that some day God says these words: "Well done, My child, You've won a great fight." 


## Scriptures

### Matthew 25:21

- [Matthew 25:21](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%2025%3A21)


## Topics

- Christian Life
- Encouragement

## Stakeholders

- Martin, Frances O. (Composer)
- Martin, Frances O. (Lyricist)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)
- Martin, Frances O. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2001 by  Frances O. Martin.All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

