# 21035 - GETHSEMANE

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

On a hillside so lonely, Knelt Jesus one day. Soul wounded and weary, He went there to pray; By friends there forsaken, So lonely He feels, To heaven He's crying In helpless appeals.

### Verse 2

On the hillside and garden Such suff'ring I see, In humble submission, He's making His plea; He yielded His own will, That we might be free; Obed'ence He learned there for you and for me.

### Verse 3

O, the shadows are creeping, The Savior in pain, The dark skies are weeping, With dewdrops as rain; The angels bear witness To Jesus divine, Surrendered completely, O, Savior of mine.

### Verse 4

But a new day is breaking, The vict'ry is won, The world is rejoicing, A new day is born; The angels exclaiming, Sweet music they chime, For crowning of Jesus, Your Savior and mine.

### Chorus

But a golden day has broken In old Gethsemane, The mornings all come singing The songs of victory; There's a new highway to glory, The road that Jesus trod, With a halo we're trav'ling the pathway to God.



## Scriptures

### Luke 22:45

- [Luke 22:45](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Luke%2022%3A45)


## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Crucifixion/Death

## Stakeholders

- Waldrop, William B.  Sr. (Composer)
- Waldrop, William B.  Sr. (Lyricist)
- Bridge Building Music, Inc. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1939 Bridge Building Music, Inc. Admin. by Brentwood-Benson Music Publishing, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #731897.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

