# 21045 - GOD LOVES US STILL

## Notation

Db - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

It's amazing and incredible, But it's true as it can be, God still loves and understands us all, And that means you and me.

### Verse 2

O His grace is all sufficient now; For the young and for the old, For the lonely and the timid soul, The brash and for the bold.

### Verse 3

God's great love has no exceptions here; So don't ever feel alone, And no matter who or what you are, He claims you for His own.

### Verse 4

Yes, whatever your old past has been, Trust in God He understands, Cast your burdens on the Lord above, Just place them in His hands.

### Chorus

For in all of our unloveliness, God the Father loves us still. He has loved us since the world began, And what more He always will.


## Scriptures

### John 3:16

- [John 3:16](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%203%3A16)


## Topics

- Love
- Love - Of God

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Coburn, Barry (Lyricist)
- Coburn, James (Copyright Holder)
- Coburn, Louise (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1996 by James and Louise Coburn. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

