# 21044 - LORD OF HOSTS

## Notation

Ab - 3/4 on 3 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Dear Lord of Hosts and Ancient of Days, We worship Thee now and give Thee our praise. As Thou from heaven art ruling on high, We bow before Thee and strive to draw nigh.

### Verse 2

The heavens earth's beauty and flowers of spring, Proclaim Thy own glory and prove Thy great name. Thru all creation Thou showest true love, That ev'ry good gift comes down from above.

### Verse 3

Thou would that no one should perish in sin, Thus life ever lasting on Thee must depend. Let all the nations and all of mankind, Give praise unto Thee and have peace of mind.

### Chorus

Watch o'er us each moment thru day and thru night, Direct now our footsteps in paths that are right, Remind us each day Thy word is our guide, That leads us to heaven a home by Thy side.


## Scriptures

- [Nehemiah 9:6](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Nehemiah%209%3A6)

## Topics

- Praise/Adoration
- Providence/Care Of God
- Worship

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Worley, Claude E. (Lyricist)
- Worley, Claude E. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1971 by Claude E. Worley.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

