# 21055 - COULD YOU NOT WATCH WITH ME

## Notation

Gm - 3/4 on 1 - LA

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Into the garden, Jesus has come, The Lord and disciples three. Burdened with sorrows, Jesus implores, "O, stay and watch with me." One of His own has bargained with sin. One of His own let Satan come in! Finding them sleeping, Jesus implores,  "O, could you not watch? One hour could you watch? O, could you not watch with Me?"

### Verse 2

Bowing again, His face to the ground, He prays in agony, "Father, this cup, please take it away! O, let it pass from me! Naught of my will, but Thine be done. Naught of my will!" For this He has come.
Wake, awake! The hour is at hand. "O, could you not watch? One hour could you watch? O, could you not watch with Me?"

### Verse 3

Judas, thou traitor, rending the night, Creator by kiss betrays. King of all Kings, no army to fight, the Savior is led away. Jesus alone, with enemies 'round. Jesus alone, no friend to be found! Lamb of God stands all alone.  "O, could you not watch? One hour could you watch? O, could you not watch with Me?"


## Scriptures

- [Matthew 26:40](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%2026%3A40)

## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Second Coming

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, Anne F. (Composer)
- Stevens, Anne F. (Lyricist)
- Stevens, Anne F. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2006 by Anne Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

