# 21083 - CLEFT FOR ALL

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Rock of ev'ry generation, Standing cleft, O yes, I see.  Rock of comfort and of refuge, Cleft for all and cleft for me. Yes, Your love is with me daily, Reaching out along my way. Caring, yes, for me assuredly, Hearing me whene'er I pray. 

### Verse 2

Cleft that shelters me from dan-ger, Need I cringe or even care? Must I cower for the dark-ness? No, Your love pro-tects me there. Rock of Ages, Rock of Ages, Mighty fortress for my soul. Tow'r of joy and tow'r of gladness, Keeping me within Thy fold. 

### Verse 3

Keeping me as life goes fading, Keeping me as nights grow long, Me, a child not worth its keeping;  Cleansing me of ev'ry wrong. Giving me Thy blest assurrance, 'Neath the gracious cleft above. Mine is 'mong the names there written, Written in the scroll of love.  


## Scriptures

- [Exodus 33:22](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Exodus%2033%3A22)

## Topics

- Christ - Rock/Refuge
- Love - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2005 by O. E. Landrum & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

