# 21090 - WHEN THE SAINTS GO MARCHING IN

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

I'm just a weary pilgrim, Plodding thru this world of sin; Getting ready for that city When the saints go marching in.

### Verse 2

If I will see the Savior, A new life I must begin! Then I'll be in that glad number When the saints go marching in.

### Verse 3

I'll follow my Redeemer, In the steps where He has been; Thus I know that He will call me When the saints go marching in.

### Verse 4

Up there I'll see the Savior Who redeemed my soul from sin, With extended hands He'll greet me When the saints go marching in.

### Chorus

When the saints go marching in, When the saints go marching in; Lord, I want to be in that number, When the saints go marching in.


## Scriptures

- [Hebrews 11:13](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Hebrews%2011%3A13)

## Topics

- Salvation
- Heaven - Reward/Crown

## Stakeholders

- Stamps, Virgil O. (Composer)
- Presley, Luther G. (Lyricist)
- Crum, Ellis (Lyricist)
- Bridge Building Music, Inc. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1937, Renewed 1965 by Bridge Building Music, Inc. Admin. by Brentwood-Benson Music Publishing, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #5745245.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

