# 21092 - SURELY GOODNESS AND MERCY

## Notation

F - 3/4 on 3 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

A pilgrim was I and awand'ring, In the cold night of sin I did roam; When Jesus the kind Shepherd found me, And now I am on my way home.

### Verse 2

He restoreth my soul when I'm weary, He giveth me strength day by day; He leads me beside the still waters, He guards me each step of the way.

### Verse 3

When I walk thru that dark lonesome valley, My Savior will walk with me there; And safely His great hand will lead me To the mansions He's gone to prepare.

### Chorus

Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me All the days, all the days of my life, Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me All the days, all the days of my life.

### Coda

And I shall dwell in the house of the Lord forever, And I will feast at the table spread for me. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me All the days, all the days of my life.


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 23:6](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2023%3A6)

## Topics

- Mercy
- Christ - Savior
- Heaven

## Stakeholders

- Peterson, John W. (Composer)
- Smith, Alfred B. (Composer)
- Peterson, John W. (Lyricist)
- Smith, Alfred B. (Lyricist)
- New Spring (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1954 by New Spring. Admin. by Brentwood-Benson Music Publishing, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #15032.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

