# 21106 - RESCUE ME

## Notation

Dm - 4/4 on 1 - LA

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Rescue me from the wicked, O Lord. O Rise up, Lord, and bring them down; Keep me as the apple of Your eye; Hide me in the shadow of Your wings. Rescue me from the wicked. O Rescue me from the wicked, O Lord. Enemies surround me, throw me to the ground, Like a hungry lion, they have tracked me down; Show the wonder of Your love,  save me by Your hand; I have kept my heart for You, in Your path I stand. 

### Verse 2

Rescue me from the wicked, O Lord. O Rise up, Lord, and bring them down; Keep me as the apple of Your eye; Hide me in the shadow of Your wings. Rescue me from the wicked. O Rescue me from the wicked, O Lord. Listen to my crying, hear my righteous plea, For my vindication, praying You will see; Calling You to answer me, save me from my foe; Their reward is in this life, mine in Whom I know. Lord. And I will see Your face.

### Verse 3

Rescue me from the wicked, O Lord. Rescue me from the wicked, O Rise up, Lord, and bring them down; Keep me as the apple of Your eye; Hide me in the shadow of Your wings. Rescue me from the wicked, O Lord. Rescue me from the wicked, O Lord. 


## Scriptures

### Psalm 17:8

- [Psalm 17:8](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2017%3A8)


## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Savior
- Providence/Care Of God

## Stakeholders

- Lancaster, Keith (Composer)
- Lancaster, Keith (Lyricist)
- Anthony K. Music (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2011 by Anthony K Music. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #7005695.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

