# 21100 - STILL THE CAUSE BEFORE US

## Notation

G - 2/2 on 2 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Let all who stand with Christ the Lord, Each good and faithful servant, Take up the shield and bear the sword, With heart and spirit fervent. Behind the Rock of Ages, And armed with holy pages, If God be for us, who can fear? O let us be courageous!

### Verse 2

The early saints held fast indeed, And One would soon reward them; For mounted on His battle steed, "The Word of God" came toward them. And thru the slaughter glorious, His army rode victorious! Their cause, now aged two thousand years, Is still the cause before us.

### Verse 3

Almighty God, whose outstretched arm Is certain to defend us, We pray where'er the present harm, "Into the conflict, send us!" By calling and election, With power and protection, Our cross of duty leads from here To crowns of resurrection.

### Verse 4

O God, we know by pressing on, A field is ever nearing; Where all our mortal strength is gone, We lie down in the clearing. Should nightfall overtake us, The morning hymn will wake us! And when our Life and Light appears, Immortal Father, take us.


## Scriptures

- [Romans 8:31](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans%208%3A31)

## Topics

- Courage
- Christ - Word/Way
- Evangelism

## Stakeholders

- Schumann, Robert (Composer)
- Roberts, Craig A. (Lyricist)
- Roberts, Craig A. (Arranger)
- Jenkins, Sarah (Arranger)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2002 by M. W. Bassford. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.

