# 21103 - JESUS, I MY CROSS HAVE TAKEN

## Notation

A - 4/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Jesus, I my cross have taken, All to leave and follow Thee. Destitute, despised, forsaken Thou from hence my all shall be. Perish every fond ambition, All I've sought or hoped or known. Yet how rich is my condition! God and heav'n are still mine own.

### Verse 2

Let the world despise and leave me; They have left my Savior, too. Human hearts and looks deceive me; Thou art not, like them, untrue. Man may trouble and distress me, 'Twill but drive me to Thy breast. Life with trials hard may press me; Heav'n will bring me sweeter rest.

### Verse 3

Go, then, earthly fame and treasure! Come, disaster, scorn, and pain! In Thy service, pain is pleasure; With Thy favor, loss is gain. I have called Thee, "Abba, Father"; I have set my heart on Thee; Storms may howl, and clouds may gather, All must work for good to me.

### Verse 4

Hasten then from grace to glory, Armed by faith, and winged by prayer, Heav'n's eternal day before me; God's own hand shall guide me there. Soon shall close my earthly mission; Swift shall pass my pilgrim days; Hope soon change to glad fruition, Faith to sight, and prayer to praise.


## Scriptures

### Luke 9:23

- [Luke 9:23](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Luke%209%3A23)


## Topics

- Cross - Of Believer
- Faith/ Believe

## Stakeholders

- Mozart, Wolfgang Amadeus (Composer)
- Lyte, Henry F. (Lyricist)
- Main, Hubert P. (Arranger)
- Public Domain (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Public Domain
(This hymn is free to use)

## Disclaimers

None

