# 21108 - TELL HIS PRAISE IN SONG AND STORY

## Notation

Ab - 4/4 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Tell His praise in song and story, Bless the Lord with heart and voice; In my God is all my glory,  Come before Him and rejoice. Join to praise His name together, He who hears His people's cry; Tell His praise, come wind or weather, Shining faces lifted high.


### Verse 2

To the Lord whose love has found them Cry the poor in their distress; Swift His angels, camped around them, Prove Him sure to save and bless. God it is who hears our crying Tho’ the spark of faith be dim; Taste and see! Beyond denying Blest are those who trust in Him.


### Verse 3

Taste and see! In faith draw near Him, Trust the Lord with all your pow’rs; Seek and serve Him, love and fear Him, Life and all its joys are ours. True delight in holy living, Peace and plenty, length of days; Come, my children, with thanksgiving Bless the Lord in songs of praise.


### Verse 4

In our need He walks beside us, Ears alert to every cry; Watchful eyes to guard and guide us, Love that whispers, "It is I." Good shall triumph, wrong be righted, God has pledged His promised word;
So with ransomed saints united Join to praise our living Lord!



## Scriptures

### Psalm 34:1

- [Psalm 34:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2034%3A1)


## Topics

- Praise/Adoration
- Praise/Adoration - Of God

## Stakeholders

- Moore, Willian (Composer)
- Dudley-Smith, Timothy (Lyricist)
- Hope Publishing Co. (Copyright Holder)
- HOLY MANNA (Composer)

## Copyright

Words © Copyright 1984 by Hope Publishing Co., Carol Stream, IL 60188. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

