# 21110 - AT EVEN, ERE THE SUN WAS SET

## Notation

Eb - 3/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 7

Thy touch has still its ancient power; No word from Thee can fruitless fall: Hear, in this solemn evening hour, And in Thy mercy heal us all.

### Coda

Amen

### Verse 1

At even, ere the sun was set, The sick, O Lord, around Thee lay; O in what divers pains they met! O with what joy they went away!

### Verse 2

Once more 'tis eventide, and we Oppressed with various ills draw near; What if Thy form we cannot see? We know and feel that Thou art here.

### Verse 3

O Savior Christ, our woes dispel; For some are sick, and some are sad, And some have never loved Thee well, And some have lost the love they had.

### Verse 4

And some have found the world is vain, Yet from the world they break not free; And some have friends who give them pain, Yet have not sought a friend in Thee.

### Verse 5

And none, O Lord, have perfect rest, For none are wholly free from sin; And they who fain would serve Thee best Are conscious most of wrong within.

### Verse 6

O Savior Christ, Thou too art man; Thou hast been troubled, tempted, tried; Thy kind but searching glance can scan The very wounds that shame would hide.


## Scriptures

### Psalm 139:1

- [Psalm 139:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20139%3A1)


## Topics

- Contemplation
- Death

## Stakeholders

- ANGELUS (Composer)
- Joseph, Georg (Composer)
- Twells, Henry (Lyricist)
- Public Domain (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Public Domain
(This hymn is free to use)

## Disclaimers

None

