# 21121 - JESUS, ONLY JESUS

## Notation

Bb - 3/4 on 2 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Who has the pow'r to raise the dead? Who can save us from our sin? He is our hope, our righteousness: Jesus, only Jesus.

### Verse 2

Who can make the blind to see? Who holds the keys that set us free? He paid it all to bring us peace: Jesus, only Jesus. Holy King, Almighty Lord; Saints and angels all adore. I join with them and bow before Jesus, only Jesus. 

### Verse 3

Who can command the highest praise? Who has the name above all names? You stand alone, I stand amazed. Jesus, only Jesus. You will command the highest praise. Yours is the Name above all names. You stand alone, I stand amazed, Jesus, only Jesus. Jesus, only Jesus. Jesus, only Jesus.


## Scriptures

- [Philippians 2:9](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Philippians%202%3A9)

## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Deity/Immanuel
- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- Tomlin, Chris (Composer)
- Nockels, Christy (Composer)
- Stanfill, Kristian (Composer)
- Readman, Matt (Composer)
- Tomlin, Chris (Lyricist)
- Nockels, Christy (Lyricist)
- Stanfill, Kristian (Lyricist)
- Redman, Matt (Lyricist)
- Coffman, Shane (Arranger)
- S. D. G. Publishing (Copyright Holder)
- sixsteps Music (Copyright Holder)
- Thankyou Music (Copyright Holder)
- Worship Together Music (Copyright Holder)
- worshiptogether.com songs (Copyright Holder)
- Sweater Weather (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2013 by S. D. G. Publishing, sixsteps Music, Sixsteps Songs, Sweater Weather Music, Thankyou Music, Worship Together Music, worshiptogether.com songs, All Essential Music, Songs From Exit 71. (Admin by Capitol CMG Publishing.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #6517269.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

