# 21129 - AT THE CROSS, LOVE RAN RED

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

There's a place where mercy reigns and never dies. There's a place where streams of grace flow deep and wide. Where all the love I've ever found comes like a flood, comes flowing down. At the cross, at the cross, I surrender my life. I'm in awe of You; I'm in awe of You. Where Your love ran red and my sin washed white, I owe all to You; I owe all to You, Jesus.  

### Verse 2

There's a place where sin and shame are powerless. Where my heart has peace with God and forgiveness. Where all the love I've ever found comes like a flood, comes flowing down. At the cross, at the cross, I surrender my life. I'm in awe of You; I'm in awe of You. Where Your love ran red and my sin washed white, I owe all to You; I owe all to You, Jesus.  Where all the love I've ever found comes like a flood, comes flowing down. At the cross, at the cross, I surrender my life. I'm in awe of You; I'm in awe of You. Where Your love ran red and my sin washed white, I owe all to You; I owe all to You. Here my hope is found, here on holy ground, here I bow down, here I bow down. Here arms open wide, here You saved my life; Here I bow down, here I bow. 



## Scriptures

### I Peter 1:18

- [I Peter 1:18](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Peter%201%3A18)


## Topics

- Christ - Crucifixion/Death
- Cross
- Love - For Christ

## Stakeholders

- Tomlin, Chris (Composer)
- Cash, Ed (Composer)
- Armstrong, Matt (Composer)
- Myrin, Jonas (Composer)
- Tomlin, Chris (Lyricist)
- Cash, Ed (Lyricist)
- Armstrong, Matt (Lyricist)
- Myrin, Jonas (Lyricist)
- Rogers, Mike (Arranger)
- Countless Wonder Publishing (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2014 by Countless Wonder Publishing. (Admin. by Brentwood-Benson Music Publishing, Inc. & Capitol CMG  Publishing.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #7017786.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

