# 21128 - SONG OF MOSES

## Notation

G - 3/4 on 3 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

O the Lord, our strength and song, Highest praise to Him belongs; Christ the Lord, our conq'ring King, Your name we raise, Your triumphs sing. Praise the Lord, our mighty warrior, praise the Lord, the glorious One. By His hand we stand in victory and by His name we overcome. Tho' the storms of hell pursue, in darkest night, we worship You. You divide the raging sea. From death to life, You safely lead. Praise the Lord, our mighty warrior, praise the Lord, the glorious One. By His hand we stand in victory and by His name we overcome. All the saints and angels bow. Hosts of heaven are crying out, "Glory, glory to the King! You reign for all eternity!" The Lord shall reign forever and ever. The Lord shall reign forever and ever. The Lord shall reign forever and ever. The Lord shall reign forever and ever.


## Scriptures

### Revelation 15:3

- [Revelation 15:3](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%2015%3A3)


## Topics

- Christ - Kingship/Lordship
- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- Keys, Aaron (Composer)
- Kendrick, Graham (Composer)
- Smith, Ben (Composer)
- Moerman, Chris (Composer)
- Keys, Aaron (Lyricist)
- Kendrick, Graham (Lyricist)
- Smith, Ben (Lyricist)
- Moerman, Chris (Lyricist)
- Bulls, D. J. (Arranger)
- Thankyou Music (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2003 by Thankyou Music.
(Admin. by Capitol CMG Publishing.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #5880942.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

