# 21127 - PSALM 139

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Lord, You read my very heart, You who know the least thing; You who see me from afar, sleeping or arising. Lord, before me and behind, infinite and ageless. Such a knowledge is too high, I cannot atain it. How wonderful, how marvelous, how mighty are You, God. The darkness is as light to You, how boundless are Your ways. 

### Verse 2

If to heaven I would fly, You would be beside me; If in Sheol I would lie, even there You'd find me. If I fled on morning wings, far beyond the gray sea. Even there Your hand would lead, Your right hand would guide me. How wonderful, how marvelous, how mighty are You, God. The darkness is as light to You, how boundless are Your ways. 

### Verse 3

In the secret of the womb, I was formed and molded; By Your skillful hand alone, wonderfully woven. You have numbered all my days long before You gave them. In the pages of Your book, they have all been written. How wonderful, how marvelous, how mighty are You, God. The darkness is as light to You, how boundless are Your ways. 

### Verse 4

High and wondrous are Your tho'ts, vast beyond all telling; If I count them they grow more, I can never grasp them. Search me, God, and know my heart, let evil nev-er find me. Lead me on Your righteous path, How wonderful, how marvelous, how mighty are You, God. The darkness is as light to You, how boundless are Your ways. 


## Scriptures

### Psalm 139:14

- [Psalm 139:14](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20139%3A14)


## Topics

- God
- God - Powerful/Knowing/Present

## Stakeholders

- Rubenstein, Elaine (Composer)
- Ortega, Fernando (Composer)
- Schreiner, John Andrew (Composer)
- Rubenstein, Elaine (Lyricist)
- Ortega, Fernando (Lyricist)
- Schreiner, John Andrew (Lyricist)
- Young, Ken (Arranger)
- Izzy Sol Songs (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1996 by Izzy Sol Songs, (Admin. by Metro One, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #2069704.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

