# 21123 - LET US WORSHIP THE FATHER

## Notation

Ab - 4/4 on 3 - LA

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Let us worship the Father, worship the Father, worship the Father of glory, ship the Father of love. Let us worship the Father, worship the Father, worship the Father of glory, ship the Father of love. And we will glorify, we will glorify the Lord. And we will glorify, we will glorify the Lord.

### Verse 2

Sing your praise to the Father, praise to the Father, praise to the Father of glory, to the Father of love. Sing your praise to the Father, praise to the Father, praise to the Father of glory, to the Father of love. And we will glorify, we will glorify the Lord. And we will glorify, we will glorify the Lord.

### Verse 3

Lift your hands to the Father, hands to the Father, hands to the Father of glory, to the Father of love. Lift your hands to the Father, hands to the Father, hands to the Father of glory, to the Father of love. And we will glorify, we will glorify the Lord. And we will glorify, we will glorify the Lord. Let us worship the Father, worship the Father, worship the Father of glory, ship the Father of love. Let us worship the Father, worship the Father, worship the Father of glory, ship the Father of love. 


## Scriptures

### John 4:23

- [John 4:23](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%204%3A23)


## Topics

- Praise/Adoration - Of Father
- Worship

## Stakeholders

- Fenn, Hank (Composer)
- Fenn, Hank (Lyricist)
- Rogers, Mike (Arranger)
- Anthony K. Music (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1995 by Anthony K. Music. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #2535513.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

