# 21122 - MORE THAN CONQUERORS

## Notation

F - 6/8 on 4 - FA

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

When my hope and strength is gone, You're the One who calls me on. You are the life, You are the fight within my soul. 

### Verse 3

I will sing into the night: Christ is risen and on high. Greater is He living in me than in the world. No surrender, no retreat. 

### Verse 2

O, Your resurrection pow'r burns like fire in my heart. When waters rise I lift my eyes up to Your throne. e are more than conquerors thru Christ. You have overcome this world, this life! We will not bow to sin or to shame; We are defiant in Your name. You are the fire that cannot be tamed; You are the power in our veins, our Lord our God, our Conqueror! Our Lord our God, our Conqueror!

### Verse 4

We are free and we're redeemed. We will declare, over despair, You are the hope. We are more than conquerors thru Christ. You have overcome this world, this life! We will not bow to sin or to shame; We are defiant in Your name. You are the fire that cannot be tamed; You are the power in our veins, our Lord our God, our Conqueror! Our Lord our God, our Conqueror! 

### Coda

Nothing is impossible. Ev'ry chain is breakable. With You we are victorious. You are stronger than our hearts; You are greater than the dark. With You we are victorious. We are more than conquerors thru Christ. You have overcome this world, this life! We will not bow to sin or to shame; We are defiant in Your name. You are the fire that cannot be tamed; You are the power in our veins, our Lord our God, our Conqueror! Our Lord our God, our Conqueror! 


## Scriptures

### Romans 8:37

- [Romans 8:37](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans%208%3A37)


## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Friend/Helper
- Christ - Resurrection
- Courage

## Stakeholders

- Collective, Rend (Composer)
- Collective, Rend (Lyricist)
- Bulls, D. J. (Arranger)
- Thankyou Music (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2014 by Thankyou Music. (Admin. by Capitol CMG Publishing.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #7014648.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

