# 21126 - REVELATION SONG

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 2 - TI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Worthy is the Lamb who was slain, holy, holy is He. Sing a new song to Him who sits on heaven's mercy seat. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty, who was and is and is to come. With all creation I sing praise to the King of kings. You are my ev'rything, and I will adore You. Clothed in rainbows of living color, flashes of lightning, rolls of thunder. Blessing and honor, strength and glory and power be to You the only wise King. Filled with wonder, awestruck wonder, at the mention of Your name. Jesus, Your name is power, breath and living water, such a marv'lous mystery. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty Who was and is and is to come. With all creation I sing praise to the King of kings. You are my ev'rything, and I will adore You. I will adore You. I will adore You. 


## Scriptures

- [Revelation 5:12](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%205%3A12)

## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Kingship/Lordship
- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- Riddle, Jennie Lee (Composer)
- Riddle, Jennie Lee (Lyricist)
- Gill, Randy (Arranger)
- Rogers, Mike (Arranger)
- Gateway Create Publishing (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2004 by Gateway Create Publishing. (Admin. by Capitol CMG Publishing.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #4447960.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

