# 21124 - OCEANS

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

You call me out upon the waters, the great unknown where feet may fail. And there I find You in the myst'ry, in oceans deep my faith will stand. And I will call upon Your name and keep my eyes above the waves. When oceans rise, my soul will rest in Your embrace for I am Yours and You are mine. O Your grace abounds in deepest waters, Your sov'reign hand will be my guide. Where feet may fail and fear surrounds me, You've never failed and You won't start now. And I will call upon Your name and keep my eyes above the waves. When oceans rise, my soul will rest in Your embrace for I am Yours and You are mine. O Spirit lead me where my trust is without borders, let me walk upon the waters wherever You would call me. Take me deeper than my feet could ever wander and my faith will be made stronger in the presence of my Savior. Spirit lead me where my trust is without borders, let me walk upon the waters wherever You would call me. Take me deeper than my feet could ever wander and my faith will be made stronger in the presense of my Savior. I'll call Your name, keep my eyes o'er the waves, resting in Your embrace, I am Yours


## Scriptures

### Hebrews 2:13

- [Hebrews 2:13](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Hebrews%202%3A13)


## Topics

- Faith/ Believe
- Walking With God

## Stakeholders

- Crocker, Matt (Composer)
- Houston, Joel (Composer)
- Ligthelm, Salomon (Composer)
- Crocker, Matt (Lyricist)
- Houston, Joel (Lyricist)
- Ligthelm, Salomon (Lyricist)
- Hillsong Music Publishing (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2012 by Hillsong Music Publishing (Admin. by Capitol Publishing). All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #6428767.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

