# 21133 - WAITING FOR MY GOD

## Notation

G - 3/4 on 3 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

In the silence of my heart, full of cares that never cease, seeking answers in His Word, words of love and promised peace. For life is hard and hope grows dim, I need my God for strength within.  I am waiting, waiting still. I am waiting for my God.

### Verse 2

In the trials of His rod, In the sorrows all about. I am brought to knees of prayer, as I fight the pit of doubt. For in His time, He'll answer me, and it will soon or later be. I am waiting, waiting still. I am waiting for my God.

### Verse 3

 I lift eyes up to His throne, for with Him I'm not alone. Thru His truth, He leads me on, safely thru this vast unknown. For in His likeness I will grow, Live for His glory He has shown. I am waiting, waiting still. I am waiting for my God.


## Scriptures

### Isaiah 40:31

- [Isaiah 40:31](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Isaiah%2040%3A31)


## Topics

- Encouragement
- Faithfulness/Loyalty - Of God
- Prayer

## Stakeholders

- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Composer)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Lyricist)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2018 by Glenda Barnhart Schales. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

