# 21135 - NO SWEETER NAME

## Notation

G - 6/8 on 1 - TI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

No sweeter name than the name of Jesus, no sweeter name have I ever known. No sweeter name than the name of Jesus. You are the life to my heart and my soul. You are the light to the darkness around me. You are the hope to the hopeless and broken. You are the only truth and the way. No sweeter name than the name of Jesus, no sweeter name have I ever known. No sweeter name than the name of Jesus. You are the life to my heart and my soul. You are the light to the darkness around me. You are the hope to the hopeless and broken. You are the only truth and the way. You are the life to my heart and my soul. You are the light to the darkness around me. You are the hope to the hopeless and broken. You are the only truth and the way. Jesus, Jesus. Jesus, Jesus. You are the life to my heart and my soul. You are the light to the darkness around me. You are the hope to the hopeless and broken. You are the only truth and the way.
  


## Scriptures

- [John 14:6](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%2014%3A6)

## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Light
- Christ - Name

## Stakeholders

- Jobe, Kari (Composer)
- Jobe, Kari (Lyricist)
- Gill, Randy (Arranger)
- Gateway Create Publishing (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2004 by Gateway Create Publishing. (Admin. by Capitol CMG Publishing.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #4447960.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

