# 21138 - RISE AND SHINE

## Notation

G - 6/8 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Rise and shine let us live in the righteous way; let us heed the Lord's commandments faithful. Let us strive for the right and with all our might; show the way for all the world to see. Rise and shine, Rise and shine, Rise and shine for Jesus Christ today. Let us strive for the right and with all our might; show the way for all the world to see.

### Verse 2

Like a lamp on a stand that is burning bright, let your life bring glory to the Father. Let your lips preach the word and with all your heart, let your life be pure in all you do. Rise and shine, Rise and shine, Rise and shine for Jesus Christ today. Let your lips preach the word and with all your heart, let your life be pure in all you do.

### Verse 3

Rise and shine, you can live in the Father's way; you can win some soul for Christ today. Give your heart to the Lord, He will lead you thru; by the pow'r of faith He'll care for you. Rise and shine, Rise and shine, Rise and shine for Jesus Christ today. Give your heart to the Lord, He will lead you thru; by the pow'r of faith He'll care for you.


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 78:6](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2078%3A6)

## Topics

- Discipleship
- Evangelism

## Stakeholders

- Deason, Jim (Composer)
- Deason, Jim (Lyricist)
- Felker, Johnny (Lyricist)
- Deason, Jim (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1989 by Jim Deason. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

