# 21131 - FOR THE LORD IS A RIGHTEOUS GOD

## Notation

Bb - 6/8 on 5 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

For the Lord is a righteous God, perfect in all of His ways. For the Lord is a righteous God, perfect and worthy of praise!  Blessed are all the pure in heart, for one day they shall see God. Blessed are all the pure in heart, precious in His sight they are. And the righteous will see His holy face, washed in the blood, saved by His grace! To the righteous He promises this special place, right next to His heart, face to face! For the Lord is a righteous God, perfect in all of His ways. For the Lord is a righteous God, perfect and worthy of praise! And the righteous will see His holy face, washed in the blood, saved by His grace! To the righteous He promises this special place, right next to His heart, face to face! And the righteous will see His holy face, washed in the blood, saved by His grace! To the righteous He promises this special place, right next to His heart.


## Scriptures

### Matthew 5:8

- [Matthew 5:8](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%205%3A8)


## Topics

- Christ - Blood
- God

## Stakeholders

- Jernigan, Dennis (Composer)
- Jernigan, Dennis (Lyricist)
- Rogers, Mike (Arranger)
- Shepherd's Heart Music, Inc. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1992 by Shepherd's Heart Music, Inc. (Admin. by PraiseCharts Pub., Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #947162.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

