# 21136 - STRIVE ON

## Notation

D - 12/8 on 10 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Burdens and trials we all must face, While on this earth we run the race, And if the crown we want to win, we must strive on. Lift up your head and labor to win, thru Jesus you can o'ercome your sin. Always look up; never give up and strive on.

### Verse 2

Every day we look around, Only to see this world go down, Farther in sin away from God without a pray'r. But friend, it doesn't have to be this kind of life for you and me If we believe, obey His word, and strive on.

### Verse 3

Jesus has promised with you to be, Wheree'er you go if you will see His steps to follow all a-long life's way. Let Christ your way have full control; thru struggles of life He'll keep your soul. Never give up, always look up, and strive on.

### Chorus

Strive on, Strive on, Look up to Jesus the Son of God and strive on, strive on, strive on. Always look up, never give up, and strive on.


## Scriptures

- [Philippians 1:27](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Philippians%201%3A27)

## Topics

- Believe
- Christ - Guide/Leader
- Work And Service

## Stakeholders

- Deason, Jim (Composer)
- Deason, Jim (Lyricist)
- Felker, Johnny (Lyricist)
- Deason, Jim (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1988 by Jim Deason. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. (Dedicated to my children: Melissa, David, & Wiley Deason.)
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

