# 21148 - LO! HOW A ROSE E'ER BLOOMING

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Lo! How a rose e'er blooming From tender stem has sprung, Of Jesse's lineage coming As saints of old have sung. Proclaimed by angels bright: How Christ, the Lord of glory Was born on earth this night.

### Verse 2

Isaiah 'twas foretold it, The Rose I have in mind; With Mary we behold it, The virgin mother kind. To show God's love aright, She bore to us a Savior, When half spent was the night.

### Verse 3

The shepherds heard the story, Proclaimed by angels bright, How Christ, the Lord of glory, Was born on earth this night. To Bethlehem they sped And in the manger found Him, As angel heralds said.

### Verse 4

This flow'r, Whose fragrance tender With sweetness fills the air, Dispels with glorious splendor The darkness everywhere. True man, yet very God, From sin and death He saves us And lightens every load.

### Verse 5

O Savior, Child of Mary, Who felt our human woe, O Savior, King of Glory, Who does our weakness know, Bring us at length, we pray, To the bright courts of heaven And to the endless day!


## Scriptures

- [Isaiah 11:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Isaiah%2011%3A1)

## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Birth/Incarnation

## Stakeholders

- German Melody (Composer)
- German Hymn (Lyricist)
- Baker, Theodor (Lyricist)
- Spaeth, Harriett (Lyricist)
- Mattes, John C. (Lyricist)
- Praetorius, Michael (Arranger)
- Public Domain (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Public Domain
(This hymn is free to use)

## Disclaimers

None

