# 21144 - PUT YOUR HAND IN THE HAND OF JESUS

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Jesus' hand is so full of power, Heals the sick and raised the dead. And His hands are so full of mercy So the hungry ones are fed. Jesus' hands are so soft and tender, Help the hurting and the lost. Hands so strong yet were torn and bleeding When they nailed them to the cross.

### Verse 2

Jesus' hand reaches out to save us From our troubles and our sin. One day His hand will bring us to Him. We will hear Him say, "Come in."  Like our Lord, use your hands for helping. Work and pray to do your part. Put your hand in the hand of Jesus, Do your best with all your heart.


### Chorus

Put your hand in the hand of Jesus. Hold it tight and don't let go. Put your hand in the hand of Jesus, Fol-low! Follow Him wheree're He goes.


## Scriptures

### Matthew 8:2

- [Matthew 8:2](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%208%3A2)


## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Savior
- Christ - Son Of God/Humanity
- Following Jesus
- Youth - Children Songs

## Stakeholders

- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Composer)
- Holder, David (Lyricist)
- Holder, David (Copyright Holder)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2001 by Glenda Barnhart Schales. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

