# 21159 - COME AND DINE

## Notation

C - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Jesus has a table spread Where the saints of God are fed, He invites His chosen people, "Come and dine;" With His manna He doth feed And supplies our ev'ry need: O 'tis sweet to sup with Jesus all the time!

### Verse 2

The disciples came to land, Thus obeying Christ's command, For the Master called unto them, "Come and dine;" There they found their hearts' desire, Bread and fish upon the fire: Thus He satisfies the hungry ev'ry time.

### Verse 3

Soon the Lamb will take His bride To be ever at His side, All the host of heaven will assembled be; O 'twill be a glorious sight, All the saints in spotless white, And with Jesus they will feast eternally.

### Chorus

"Come and dine," the Master calleth, "Come and dine;" You may feast at Jesus' table all the time. He who fed the multitude, Turned the water into wine, To the hungry calleth now, "Come and dine."


## Scriptures

### John 21:12

- [John 21:12](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%2021%3A12)


## Topics

- Eternal Life
- Invitation
- Obedience

## Stakeholders

- Widmeyer, C. B. (Composer)
- Widmeyer, C. B. (Lyricist)
- Bolton, S. H. (Arranger)
- New Spring (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1907, Renewal 1934 & 1942 by New Spring. (Admin. by Brentwood-Benson Music Publishing, Inc.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #94565.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

