# 21160 - GOD'S WORKMANSHIP

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

God's workmanship is evident Thruout the whole creation. Earth, skies, and seas, and all that breathes Give Him all adoration. "God's workmanship is evident," Should be our exclamation! From age to age, from birth to death, To heaven's jubilation!

### Verse 2

God's workmanship is evident As He constructs salvation. Christ's precious blood hides all our sin; His love is our foundation. "God's workmanship is evident," Should be our exclamation! From age to age, from birth to death, To heaven's jubilation!

### Verse 3

God's workmanship is evident As we seek restoration. He molds our lives; He gives us strength when we face tribulation. "God's workmanship is evident," Should be our exclamation! From age to age, from birth to death, To heaven's jubilation!

### Verse 4

God's workmanship is evident; Our lives are God's formation. We walk in light from day to day; Good works are our vocation. "God's workmanship is evident," Should be our exclamation! From age to age, from birth to death, To heaven's jubilation!


## Scriptures

- [Ephesians 2:10](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Ephesians%202%3A10)

## Topics

- God
- God - Creator
- God - Powerful/Knowing/Present

## Stakeholders

- American Melody (Composer)
- Haase, Diana Nelson (Lyricist)
- Haase, Diana Nelson (Arranger)
- Haase, Diana Nelson (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Words © Copyright 2017, Arr. © Copyright 2018,  by Diana Nelson Haase. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

