# 21161 - O BLESS THE LORD, MY SOUL

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

O bless the Lord, my soul! Let all within me join, And aid my tongue to bless His name Whose favors are divine. O bless the Lord, my soul! Nor let His mercies lie Forgotten in unthankful ness, And without praises die.

### Verse 2

The Lord forgives your sins; And He relieves your pain; And He heals all your sicknesses, And gives you strength again. He crowns your life with love, When rescued from the grave; He that redeemed our souls from death, Has boundless pow'r to save.

### Verse 3

He fills the poor with good; He gives the suff'rers rest: The Lord has justice for the proud, And mercy for th'oppressed. His wondrous works and ways He made by Moses known; But sent the world His truth and grace By His beloved Son.

### Coda

Amen.


## Scriptures

### Psalm 103:17

- [Psalm 103:17](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20103%3A17)


## Topics

- God
- God - Father
- Mercy

## Stakeholders

- Traditional English Melody (Composer)
- Sheppard, Franklin L. (Composer)
- Watts, Isaac (Lyricist)
- Haase, Diana Nelson (Arranger)
- Haase, Diana Nelson (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Arr. © Copyright 2018,  by Diana Nelson Haase. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

