# 21165 - MY GOD, I THANK YOU, WHO HAVE MADE

## Notation

D - 3/4 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

My God, I thank You, who have made The earth so bright, So full of splendor and of joy, Beauty and light; So many glorious things are here, Noble and right.

### Verse 2

I thank You, too, that You have made Joy to abound; So many gentle thoughts and deeds Circling us round, That in the darkest spot of earth Some love is found.

### Verse 3

I thank You more that all our joy Is touched with pain, That shadows fall on brightest hours, That thorns remain, So that earth's bliss may be our guide And not our chain.

### Verse 4

I thank You, Lord, that You have kept The best in store; We have enough, yet not too much To long for more; A yearning for a deeper peace Not known before.

### Verse 5

I thank You, Lord, that here our souls, Though amply blessed, Can never find, although they seek, A perfect rest; Nor ever shall, until they lean On Jesus breast.


## Scriptures

- [I Thessalonians 5:18](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Thessalonians%205%3A18)

## Topics

- Blessings
- Creation - Act Of
- God
- Joy/Rejoicing

## Stakeholders

- EULOGIA (Composer)
- Harber, Matthew L. (Composer)
- Procter, Adelaide A. (Lyricist)
- Harber, Matthew L. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2011 by Matthew L. Harber.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

