# 21178 - ALL TO US

## Notation

Bb - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Precious cornerstone, sure foundation, You are faithful to the end. We are waiting on You, Jesus, we believe You're all to us. 

### Verse 2

Only Son of God sent from heaven, hope and mercy at the cross. You are ev'rything, You're the promise, Jesus You are all to us. Let the glory of Your name be the passion of the church. Let the righteousness of God be a holy flame that burns. Let the saving love of Christ be the measure of our lives. We believe You're all to us. You're all to us. We believe You're all to us. We believe You're all to us. 

### Verse 3

When this passing world is over, we will see You face to face. And forever we will worship, Jesus, You are all to us. We believe You're all to us.


## Scriptures

- [Matthew 21:42](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%2021%3A42)

## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Savior
- Cross - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- Tomlin, Chris (Composer)
- Reeves, Jesse (Composer)
- Maher, Matt (Composer)
- Redman, Matt (Composer)
- Tomlin, Chris (Lyricist)
- Reeves, Jesse (Lyricist)
- Maher, Matt (Lyricist)
- Redman, Matt (Lyricist)
- sixsteps Music (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2010 by sixsteps Music. (Admin. by Capitol CMG Publishing.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #5869860.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

