# 21173 - LIVING HOPE

## Notation

Db - 4/4 on 3+ - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

How great the chasm that lay between us. How high the mountain I could not climb. In desperation I turned to heaven and spoke Your name into the night. Then thru the darkness Your loving kindness tore thru the shadows of my soul. The work is finished, the end is written. Jesus Christ, my living hope.

### Verse 2

Who could imagine so great a mercy? What heart could fathom such boundless grace? The God of ages stepped down from glory to wear my sin and bear my shame. The cross has spoken; I am forgiven. The King of kings calls me His own. Beautiful Savior, I'm Yours forever. Jesus Christ, my living hope. Hallelujah, praise the One who set me free! Hallelujah, death has lost its grip on me! You have broken ev'ry chain. There's salvation in Your name. Jesus Christ, my living hope. Jesus Christ, my living hope. O God, You are my living hope. 

### Verse 3

Then came the morning that sealed the promise, Your buried body began to breathe. Out of the silence, the Roaring Lion declared the grave has no claim on me. Then came the morning that sealed the promise, Your buried body began to breathe. Out of the silence, the Roaring Lion declared the grave has no claim on me. Jesus, Yours is the victory! Hallelujah, praise the One who set me free! Hallelujah, death has lost its grip on me! You have broken ev'ry chain. There's salvation in Your name. Jesus Christ, my living hope. Jesus Christ, my living hope. O God, You are my living hope. 


## Scriptures

- [I Peter 1:3](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Peter%201%3A3)

## Topics

- Christ
- Forgiveness - Of God
- Hope

## Stakeholders

- Wickham, Phil (Composer)
- Johnson, Brian (Composer)
- Wickham, Phil (Lyricist)
- Peirce, Aneva (Arranger)
- Bethel Music Publishing (Copyright Holder)
- Simply Global Songs (Copyright Holder)
- Sing My Songs (Copyright Holder)
- Wickham, Phil (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2018 by Phil Wickham/Simply Global Songs/Sing My Songs/ Bethel Music Publishing. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #7106807.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

