# 21185 - I'LL TELL THE WORLD

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 3+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

I'll tell the world that I'm a Christian I'm not ashamed His name to bear; I'll tell the world that I'm a Christian I'll take Him with me anywhere. I'll tell the world how Jesus saved me, And how He gave me a life brandnew; And I know that if you trust Him That all He gave me He'll give to you. I'll tell the world that He's my Savior, No other one could love me so; My life, my all is His forever, And where He leads me I will go.

### Verse 2

I'll tell the world that He is coming It may be near or far away; But we must live as if His coming Would be tomorrow or today. For when He comes and life is over, For those who love Him there's more to be; Eyes have never seen the wonders That He's preparing for you and me. O tell the world that you're a Christian, Be not ashamed His name to bear; O tell the world that you're a Christian, And take Him with you ev'rywhere.


## Scriptures

- [Mark 5:19](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Mark%205%3A19)

## Topics

- Christian Life
- Evangelism

## Stakeholders

- Fox, Baynard L. (Composer)
- Fox, Baynard L. (Lyricist)
- Fox Music Publications (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1958, 1963 by Fox Music Publications. (Admin. by Fred Bock Music Co.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #19045.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

