# 21193 - JOURNEY

## Notation

Ab - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

My life is like a  journey that calls me to embark. Each day might pass thru sunlight, or lead where paths are dark.  And tho' I walk the valley where shades of death appear, I will fear no harm from force or foe; I will lie down where green pastures grow; I will rest where gentle waters flow; For I know that God is near.

### Verse 2

Some days I face temptations that lead my heart astray. I'm charmed by earthly pleasures, which quickly fade away. But filled with godly sorrow, I turn to Him above. I will whisper pray'r in pleading cries; I will weep in shame with grieving sighs; I will wipe the teardrops from my eyes; For I know that God is love.

### Verse 3

Some days are filled with laughter, shared with a cherished friend. But life can be so lonely when precious friendships end. So when my heart is aching and no one seems to care, I will lean on God in all my ways; I will seek His truth thru all my days; I will honor Him with all my praise; For I know that God is there.

### Verse 4

Some days bring ease and comfort, with pleasures sweet and dear. Then suffering or sickness will bring a mournful tear. But when my journey's over, its ending will reveal: I will pass on to my resting place; I will live in God's eternal grace; I will see my Savior face to face; For I know that God is real.


## Scriptures

### I John 5:4

- [I John 5:4](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20John%205%3A4)


## Topics

- God - Presence
- Love - Of God
- Walking With God

## Stakeholders

- Gardner, Jon (Composer)
- Gardner, Jon (Lyricist)
- Peirce, Aneva (Arranger)
- Gardner, Jon (Copyright Holder)
- Peirce, Aneva (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2016 by Jon Gardner and Aneva Peirce.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

