# 21204 - HARK! THE VOICE OF JESUS CRYING

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Hark! The voice of Jesus crying, "Who will go and work today? Fields are ripe and harvests waiting; Who will bear the sheaves away?" Loud and long the Master calleth; Rich reward He offers thee. Who will answer, gladly saying, "Here am I send me, send me"?

### Verse 2

If you cannot speak like angels, If you cannot preach like Paul, You can tell the love of Jesus; You can say, "He died for all." If you cannot rouse the wicked With the Judgment's dread alarms, You can lead the little children To the Savior's waiting arms.

### Verse 3

If you cannot be a watchman, Standing high on Zion's wall, Pointing out the path to heaven, Off'ring life and peace to all, With your pray'rs and with your off'rings You can do what God demands; You can be like faithful Aaron, holding up the prophet's hands.

### Verse 4

Let none hear you idly saying, "There is nothing I can do," While the multitudes are dying, And the Master calls for you. Take the task He gives you gladly; Let His work your pleasure be. Answer quickly when He calleth, "Here am I send me, send me!"


## Scriptures

### John 4:35

- [John 4:35](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%204%3A35)


## Topics

- Evangelism
- Discipleship
- Soul Winning
- Work And Service

## Stakeholders

- GALILEAN (Composer)
- Barnby, Joseph (Composer)
- March, Daniel (Lyricist)
- Public Domain (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Public Domain
(This hymn is free to use)

## Disclaimers

None

