# 21206 - THE WIDOW'S MITES

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

The rich passed by the treasury with pageantry and flair, But one poor widow humbly stood in line among them there. Tho' some gave bronze and silver coins, which they could well afford, The widow had a heart of gold, which she gave to the Lord. 

### Verse 2

With meekness she revealed her gift; concealed beneath her shawl. By giving all her livelihood, she offered more than all! The widow, in her godly trust, put all things in their place; Her gift into God's treasury; Her care beneath His grace.

### Verse 3

Dear Lord, when we lay by in store, please hear our grateful pray'r, For ev'ry good and perfect gift provided by Your care. May we, with cheerful loving hearts, give all that You are due. And may we keep back nothing Lord, that might keep us from You.


## Scriptures

- [Mark 12:43](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Mark%2012%3A43)

## Topics

- Priorities
- Trust

## Stakeholders

- Gardner, Jon (Composer)
- Gardner, Jon (Lyricist)
- Peirce, Aneva (Arranger)
- Gardner, Jon (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2008 by Jon Gardner and Aneva Peirce.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

