# 21219 - TO THESE THINGS I ASPIRE

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

To lead a quiet life; To mind my own affairs; To work with my own hands; To rise above life's cares; To treat my fellow man with kindness ev'ry day; To be complete in Christ; For all these things I pray.

### Verse 2

To turn away from sin; To live apart from strife; To overcome my pride; To have abundant life; To cheer an aching heart; To help the poor and weak; To bear the Spirit's fruit; These things I truly seek. 

### Verse 3

To love the Lord, my God with heart and soul and mind; To share His holy Word with ev'ry soul I find; To answer for my faith to all who may inquire; To know the love of Christ; To these things I aspire.


## Scriptures

### I Thessalonians 4:11

- [I Thessalonians 4:11](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Thessalonians%204%3A11)


## Topics

- Christian Life
- Evangelism
- Love - Of God
- Service

## Stakeholders

- Peirce, Aneva (Composer)
- Gardner, Jon (Lyricist)
- Gardner, Jon (Copyright Holder)
- Peirce, Aneva (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2017 by Jon Gardner and Aneva Peirce.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

