# 21224 - THERE IS A HOPE

## Notation

C - 4/4 on 3+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

There is a hope that burns within my heart, that gives me strength for ev'ry passing day; A glimpse of glory now revealed in meager part, yet drives all doubt away. I stand in Christ, with sins forgiv'n and Christ in me, the hope of heav'n. My highest calling, and my deepest joy, to make His will my home.

### Verse 2

There is a hope that lifts my weary head; A consolation, strong against despair that when the world has plunged me in its deepest pit, I find the Savior there. Thru present suff'rings, future's fear, He whispers courage in my ear; For I am safe in everlasting arms, and they will lead me home.

### Verse 3

There is a hope that stands the test of time, that lifts my eyes beyond the beck'ning grave to see the matchless beauty of a day divine, when I behold His face. When suff'rings cease, and sorrows die, and ev'ry longing satisfied; Then joy unspeakable will flood my soul, for I am truly home. When suff'rings cease, and sorrows die, and ev'ry longing satisfied; Then joy unspeakable will flood my soul, for I am truly home. 


## Scriptures

### Romans 5:5

- [Romans 5:5](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans%205%3A5)


## Topics

- Forgiveness/Pardon
- Heaven - Eternal Home
- Hope

## Stakeholders

- Townend, Stuart (Composer)
- Edwards, Mark (Composer)
- Townend, Stuart (Lyricist)
- Edwards, Mark (Lyricist)
- Thankyou Music (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2007 by Thankyou Music. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #5109647.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

