# 21231 - THAT HEAVENLY WAY

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 2 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Gotta keep on walkin' that heavenly way. Gotta keep on walkin' that heavenly way. Gotta keep on walkin' that heavenly way. Gotta keep on walkin' that heavenly way.

### Verse 2

Gotta keep on talkin' that heavenly way. Gotta keep on talkin' that heavenly way. Gotta keep on talkin' that heavenly way. Gotta keep on talkin' that heavenly way.

### Verse 3

Gotta keep on livin' that heavenly way. Gotta keep on livin' that heavenly way. Gotta keep on livin' that heavenly way. Gotta keep on livin' that heavenly way.

### Verse 4

Gotta keep on lovin' that heavenly way. Gotta keep on lovin' that heavenly way. Gotta keep on lovin' that heavenly way. Gotta keep on lovin' that heavenly way.

### Verse 5

Gotta keep on walkin' that heavenly way. Gotta keep on walkin' that heavenly way. Gotta keep on walkin' that heavenly way. Gotta keep on walkin' that heavenly way.


## Scriptures

### Ephesians 4:1

- [Ephesians 4:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Ephesians%204%3A1)


## Topics

- Discipleship
- Heaven
- Walking With God

## Stakeholders

- Conner, Carol (Composer)
- Conner, Carol (Lyricist)
- Conner, Carol (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2010 by Carol Conner. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

