# 21230 - SOME CALL IT HEAVEN, I CALL IT HOME

## Notation

D - 2/2 on 2 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Some call it heaven, I call it home. The place I long for, there 'round God's throne. Love, joy and singing, no more alone. Some call it heaven, I call it home. This pilgrim journey on earth below Cannot compare with the joy we'll know. Sweet mem'ries urge me on to that land. When will I know such comfort again?

### Verse 2

Some call it heaven, I call it home. The place I long for, there 'round God's throne. Love, joy and singing, no more alone. Some call it heaven, I call it home. I close my eyes and I see a place No pain, no worries singing God's praise. And in His hands I'm ever secure. Home everlasting, I am assured! Some call it heaven, I call it home. The place I long for, there 'round God's throne. Love, joy and singing, no more alone. Some call it heaven, I call it home.


## Scriptures

- [Hebrews 4:9](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Hebrews%204%3A9)

## Topics

- Heaven
- Heaven - Eternal Home
- Pilgrims

## Stakeholders

- Conner, Jay (Composer)
- Gann, Nolan (Lyricist)
- Conner, Jay (Copyright Holder)
- Gann, Nolan (Copyright Holder)
- Price, David (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2010 by Jay Conner, Nolan Gann, and David Price. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

