# 21237 - WEEPING GARDEN

## Notation

Em - 4/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Weeping garden gently bow your leaves. Wilt beside the Savior as He grieves. Turn away the splendor of each flow'r. Hush the birds in this, His desp'rate hour.

### Verse 2

Weeping garden look upon His face. See His anguish tempered by such grace. As He suffers, sweat pours out as blood. Let your sorrow drip from ev'ry bud.

### Verse 3

Weeping garden how the twilight dims, Thru your canopy of twisted limbs. Traitors lurking near the garden's bliss. Whisper of a cold betrayal kiss.

### Verse 4

Weeping garden hear the pray'r He speaks. Not His will, but God's, He humbly seeks. Greater love has never been displayed. Weep with Him who weeps beneath your shade!


## Scriptures

### Mark 14:32

- [Mark 14:32](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Mark%2014%3A32)


## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Blood
- Christ - Suffering

## Stakeholders

- Peirce, Aneva (Composer)
- Gardner, Jon (Lyricist)
- Gardner, Jon (Copyright Holder)
- Peirce, Aneva (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2017 by Jon Gardner and Aneva Peirce.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

