# 21240 - I'M REMINDED OF MY SAVIOR

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Looking out at all Creation With the proof of Him in view, I'm reminded of my Savior Of His pow'r to make things new. When I hear the sparrow singing From the nest up in the tree, I'm reminded of my Savior How He ever cares for me.

### Verse 2

When I walk along the seaside And I look across the waves, I'm reminded of my Savior How He came my soul to save.

### Verse 3

When the grain is ripe for harvest And the grapes are on the vine, I'm reminded of my Savior How He gave His life for mine.

### Verse 4

When I raise my eyes t'ward heaven And I see clouds in the sky, I'm reminded of my Savior How He'll take me home on high, How He'll take me home on high.


## Scriptures

- [Romans 1:20](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans%201%3A20)

## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Redeemer
- Christ - Savior

## Stakeholders

- Conner, Jay (Composer)
- Conner, Carol (Lyricist)
- Conner, Jay (Copyright Holder)
- Conner, Carol (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2019 by Jay and Carol Conner. PO Box 1276, Morehead City, NC 28557. (252) 725-3364. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

