# 21242 - BLESSED IS THE MAN

## Notation

Db - 6/8 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Blessed is the man, who regards with disdain, all the vain unholy words of the wicked and profane. He will never stand with the evil and the vile, sit with men who laugh at God, joining those who speak with guile.

### Verse 2

All the night and day, he delights in the Word, loves reflecting on the law, where the mind of God is heard. He is like a tree with a river flowing by, holds the pleasure in its fruit, tho' the wind is hot and dry.

### Verse 3

Blessed man of God, has all faith he will see, all good things will come to him, like the green and fruited tree. Sinners have no peace and will never be secure, ever blowing in the wind, wayward souls will not endure.

### Verse 4

Judgment day will come, sin will have no reward, for the sinner has no place with the people of the Lord. Those who sin will fall, and forever more will pay, but the Lord knows all His own, and will guide them all the way.


## Scriptures

### Psalm 1:1

- [Psalm 1:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%201%3A1)


## Topics

- Judgment
- Reward
- Word Of God/Bible

## Stakeholders

- Guthrie, F. Joe (Composer)
- Guthrie, F. Joe (Lyricist)
- Guthrie, F. Joe (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1991 by F. Joe Guthrie. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

