# 21246 - WE TRUST IN THE NAME OF THE LORD

## Notation

Ab - 4/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Some trust in chariots Some trust in horses; We trust in the Name of the Lord, our God. We trust in the Name of the Lord, our God. We trust in the Name of the Lord, our God. We trust in the Name of the Lord, our God. His love never fails, His Name will always prevail. We trust in the Name of the Lord, our God.

### Verse 2

Some trust in the work they do but by His grace all the work is thru; We trust in the Name of the Lord, our God. We trust in the Name of the Lord, our God. We trust in the Name of the Lord, our God. We trust in the Name of the Lord, our God. His love never fails, His Name will always prevail. We trust in the Name of the Lord, our God.

### Verse 3

Some trust in the wealth of things the Name worth more than anything; We trust in the Name of the Lord, our God. We trust in the Name of the Lord, our God. We trust in the Name of the Lord, our God. We trust in the Name of the Lord, our God. His love never fails, His Name will always prevail. We trust in the Name of the Lord, our God.


## Scriptures

### Psalm 20:7

- [Psalm 20:7](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2020%3A7)


## Topics

- Christ - Name
- Trust

## Stakeholders

- Chapman, Steven Curtis (Composer)
- Chapman, Steven Curtis (Lyricist)
- Brian, Primary Wave (Copyright Holder)
- Sparrow Song (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1994 by Primary Wave Brian (Chapman Sp Acct.),  Sparrow Song. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #1411415.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

