# 21254 - THE NAIL SCARRED HAND

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Have you failed in your plan of your stormtossed life? Place your hand in the nailscarred hand; Are you weary and worn from its toil and strife? Place your hand in the nailscarred hand.

### Verse 2

Are you walking alone thru the shadows dim? Place your hand in the nailscarred hand; Christ will comfort your heart, put your trust in Him, Place your hand in the nailscarred hand.

### Verse 3

Would you follow the will of the risen Lord? Place your hand in the nailscarred hand; Would you live in the light of His blessed Word? Place your hand in the nailscarred hand.

### Verse 4

Is your soul burdened down with its load of sin? Place your hand in the nailscarred hand; Throw your heart open wide, let the Savior in, Place your hand in the nailscarred hand.

### Chorus

Place your hand in the nailscarred hand, Place your hand in the nailscarred hand; He will keep to the end, He's your dearest friend, Place your hand in the nailscarred hand.


## Scriptures

### John 20:27

- [John 20:27](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%2020%3A27)


## Topics

- Christ
- Dependence
- Invitation

## Stakeholders

- LUBBOCK (Composer)
- McKinney, B. B. (Composer)
- McKinney, B. B. (Lyricist)
- Broadman Press (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright Words: 1924. Renewal 1952, 1994 by Broadman Press.
Music:1924 by Robert H. Coleman. Renewed 1952, 1994 Broadman Press. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #148181.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

