# 21251 - DON'T EVER FORGET

## Notation

G - 6/8 on 6 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

When it's time to say goodby, And tears begin to fall, We leave you in our Father's care protected by His all. Don't ever forget that you are His child, adopted for His own. And when the darkness presses down, You'll never be alone. 

### Verse 2

We have shared our love and joy. God lifted up our hearts. Together we have searched His Word, but now in Him, we part. Don't ever forget that you are His child, adopted for His own. And when the darkness presses down, You'll never be alone. 

### Verse 3

Even tho' we're far apart, we walk within His sight. We'll always be as one in Him, in doing what is right. Don't ever forget that you are His child, adopted for His own. And when the darkness presses down, You'll never be alone. 


## Scriptures

### Genesis 28:15

- [Genesis 28:15](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Genesis%2028%3A15)


## Topics

- Care Of God
- Child Of God
- Closing Hymns

## Stakeholders

- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Composer)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Lyricist)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2004 by Glenda Barnhart Schales. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

