# 21263 - ONLY YOU

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Once I lived each day upon my own, There was hunger in my eyes, Then I heard the Truth and I washed my soul in the blood of Jesus Christ. Only You can light the darkness, Only You can give my heart rest, Only You can change my life; Only You can bring salvation from above, Only You can bless creation with Your love, Only You can save my soul, Only You. 

### Verse 2

There are times when life is very dark, And we start to wonder why, But we look to God for the strength we need, There is comfort at His side. Only You can light the darkness, Only You can give my heart rest, Only You can change my life; Only You can bring salvation from above, Only You can bless creation with Your love, Only You can save my soul, Only You. 

### Verse 3

Help me shine my light upon the world so that all the earth can see, Help me tell the lost that with Jesus Christ, We can live eternally. Only You can light the darkness, Only You can give my heart rest, Only You can change my life; Only You can bring salvation from above, Only You can bless creation with Your love, Only You can save my soul, Only You. 


## Scriptures

- [John 6:68](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%206%3A68)

## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Savior
- Discipleship

## Stakeholders

- Rainwater, Brian (Composer)
- Rainwater, Brian (Lyricist)
- Rainwater, Brian (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2000 by Brian Rainwater. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

