# 21271 - THERE ARE SOME TIMES

## Notation

Eb - 2/2 on 1+ - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

There was a time that my Savior came from Glory, As a man, He endured such misery; There were days that my Savior felt so lonely, There were some times that my Jesus cried, There were some times that my Jesus cried.

### Verse 2

There are some times that I start to feel discouraged, There are days that the burdens pain my soul; But I know that my Savior up in Heaven Knows how I feel and He loves me so, Knows how I feel and He loves me so.

### Verse 3

My Savior prayed when His heart bore down with sorrow, He found strength from Jehovah up above; I will call to my Father when I'm weary, He'll lift me up and He'll make me whole, He'll lift me up and He'll make me whole.


## Scriptures

- [Hebrews 4:15](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Hebrews%204%3A15)

## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Comforter
- Christ - Suffering

## Stakeholders

- Rainwater, Brian (Composer)
- Rainwater, Brian (Lyricist)
- Rainwater, Brian (Arranger)
- Rainwater, Brian (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2001 by Brian Rainwater. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

