# 21273 - YOU ARE THE LIGHT OF MY SOUL

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Jesus! You're the one true Light, You bring peace and joy to my heart; There's no other Friend whose love never ends, Lord, be with me, never to part. My Jesus! You are the Light of my soul, You lift me up and You give me hope, No other can cheer me so, All glory to Your name!

### Verse 2

Jesus! You're the Bread of Life, How I need Your Truth ev'ry day; No more holy Word has man ever heard, I'm so glad You showed me the Way. My Jesus! You are the Light of my soul, You lift me up and You give me hope, You are the One I adore, All glo-ry to Your name!

### Verse 3

Jesus! You're the Morning Star, my Salvation Light from above; You were crucified with Your arms open wide, I can feel my dear Savior's love. My Jesus! You are the Light of my soul, You lift me up and You give me hope, No other Savior I know, All glory to Your name! All glory to Your name! All glory to Your name!


## Scriptures

### John 1:4

- [John 1:4](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%201%3A4)


## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Light
- Christ - Savior
- Love - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- Rainwater, Brian (Composer)
- Rainwater, Brian (Lyricist)
- Rainwater, Brian (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2000 by Brian Rainwater. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

