# 21274 - EVERYBODY WILL BE HAPPY OVER THERE

## Notation

C - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

There's a happy land of promise over in the great beyond, Where the saved of earth shall soon the glory share; Where the souls of men shall enter and live on forevermore, Ev'rybody will be happy over there.

### Verse 2

There the ransomed of all ages will be singing 'round the throne, In that land where no one ever knows a care; And the Christians of all nations will join in the triumph song, Ev'rybody will be happy over there.

### Verse 3

We will hear nobody praying and no mourning in that land, For no burdens there will be for us to bear; All the people will be singing "Glory, glory to the Lamb," Ev'rybody will be happy over there.

### Verse 4

There we'll meet the One who saved us and who kept us by His grace, And who bro't us to that land so bright and fair; We will praise His name forever as we look upon His face. Ev'rybody will be happy over there.

### Chorus

Ev'rybody will be happy over there, over there, We will shout and sing His praises thru the never ending ages, Ev'rybody will be happy, Will be happy over there; We will shout and sing His praise, Ev'rybody will be happy over there.


## Scriptures

### Revelation 21:4

- [Revelation 21:4](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%2021%3A4)


## Topics

- Eternal Life
- Heaven
- Opening Songs

## Stakeholders

- Bartlett, Eugene (Composer)
- Bartlett, Eugene (Lyricist)
- Albert E. Brumley & Sons (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1976 by Albert E. Brumley And Sons. (Admin. by ClearBox Rights, LLC.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission. CCLI Song #93937.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

