# 21272 - WE WILL BE TRANSFORMED

## Notation

G - 2/2 on 2 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Once Jehovah created a man on earth, Wrapped his spirit in pure flesh and blood; But my Lord has promised that when we die, We can live immortal above.

### Verse 2

As our time flies away and the years go by, We are all growing older each day; But my Lord has promised that I'll be changed, Nevermore to die or decay.

### Verse 3

There are times when we don't feel like going on, There are days when the pain is so strong; But my Lord has promised a day of rest, Live with courage, It won't be long!

### Chorus

We will be transformed up in our new home, In the presence of our Lord, we will all rejoice; We will be transformed in the blessed presence of our Lord. When this life is o'er, We will be transformed.


## Scriptures

- [Philippians 3:20](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Philippians%203%3A20)

## Topics

- Assurance
- Eternal Life
- Promises Of God

## Stakeholders

- Rainwater, Brian (Composer)
- Rainwater, Brian (Lyricist)
- Rainwater, Brian (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2000 by Brian Rainwater. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

