# 21277 - STANDING BY THE RIVER

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Here I stand beside death's chilly waters waiting for my final call, Standing by the river looking beyond; Gazing t'ward the land of fadeless beauty where no surges rise and fall, Standing by the river looking beyond.

### Verse 2

Music from the land of endless glory fall upon my list'ning ear, Standing by the river looking beyond; Faces of my friends I often vision, forms of loved ones oft appear, Standing by the river looking beyond.

### Verse 3

Shadows of the night are swiftly falling, lo, I hear the boatman's soar, Standing by the river looking beyond; Many are the voices sweetly calling, I must tarry here no more, Standing by the river looking beyond.

### Chorus

Standing by the river waiting for the boatman, List'ning to the music on the other shore; I can hear the angels singing out a welcome, With my friends and loved ones who have gone before.


## Scriptures

### Revelation 21:4

- [Revelation 21:4](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%2021%3A4)


## Topics

- Death
- Heaven
- Invitation

## Stakeholders

- Easterling, Marion W. (Composer)
- Brumley, Albert E. (Lyricist)
- Easterling, Marion W. (Lyricist)
- Stamps-Baxter Music Co. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1943 by Stamps-Baxter Music. Renewal 1971. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(Copyrighted hymns not associated with CCLI & hymns of Partnership status)

## Disclaimers

Permission from the copyright owner(s) &/or administrator is required PRIOR to purchasing and downloading (for copying, printing &/or projecting) this hymn.
P. O. Box 1547, Brentwood, TN. 37024       license@clearboxrights.com

