# 21275 - AND CAN IT BE THAT I SHOULD GAIN

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

And can it be that I should gain An int'rest in the Savior's blood? Died He for me, who caused His pain? For me who Him to death pursued? Amazing love! How can it be, That Thou, my God, shouldst die for me

### Verse 2

Tis myst'ry all! Th'Immortal dies! Who can explore His strange design? In vain the firstborn seraph tries To sound the depths of love divine! 'Tis mercy all! Let earth adore, Let angel minds inquire no more.

### Verse 3

He left His Father's throne above, So free, so infinite His grace; Emptied Himself of all but love, And bled for Adam's helpless race; 'Tis mercy all, immense and free; For, O my God, it found out me.

### Verse 4

Long my imprisoned spirit lay Fast bound in sin and nature's night; Thine eye diffused a quick'ning ray, I woke, the dungeon flamed with light; My chains fell off, my heart was free; I rose, went forth and followed Thee.

### Chorus

Amazing love! How can it be that Thou, my God, should die for me!

### Verse 5

No condemnation now I dread; Jesus, and all in Him is mine! Alive in Him, my living Head, And clothed in righteousness divine, Bold I approach th'eternal throne, And claim the crown, thru Christ my own.


## Scriptures

### Psalm 107:10,13

- [Psalm 107:10,13](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20107%3A10%2C13)


## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Blood
- Christ - Savior
- Love - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- SAGINA (Composer)
- Campbell, Thomas (Composer)
- Wesley, Charles (Lyricist)
- Public Domain (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Public Domain
(This hymn is free to use)

## Disclaimers

None

