# 21279 - YES, I BELIEVE GOD IS REAL

## Notation

C - 4/4 on 3+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

When I behold Thy glory share, The stars unfurled, the splendored sky; All nature bows, creation shouts, Then I believe that God is real.

### Verse 2

I see His face in ev'ry storm, A fleeting glance on wings of morn; His wonders ever to perform, For I believe Yes, I believe that God is real.

### Verse 3

The little drops of dew that fall, The birds that sing, God's creatures call; From ocean wide, He's by my side, And I believe Yes, I believe that God is real.

### Verse 4

The morning sun night's shade enfolds, A million tongues could not recall; His mighty pow'r but speak Thy Word, And I believe , I believe that God is real.

### Chorus

Yes, I believe that God loves me. His hand I feel, His ways I see, From moving tides, 'Cross space so wide, For I believe that God is real. Yes, I believe that God loves me. His hand I feel, His ways I see, From moving tides 'Cross space so wide, For I believe that God is real.


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 40:5](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2040%3A5)

## Topics

- God
- God - Creator
- God - Presence
- God - Powerful/Knowing/Present

## Stakeholders

- Howard, Alton H. (Composer)
- Howard, Alton H. (Lyricist)
- Howard Publishing Co., Inc (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1973 by Howard Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(Copyrighted hymns not associated with CCLI & hymns of Partnership status)

## Disclaimers

Permission from the copyright owner(s) &/or administrator is required PRIOR to purchasing and downloading (for copying, printing &/or projecting) this hymn.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

