# 21287 - WE WALK EACH DAY

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 4+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

We walk each day in this old world not knowing where we go. We live by faith and do His will while dwelling here below. We know that God will keep us, and use us for His own. And that's enough to cheer us: We know we're not alone.

### Verse 2

We walk each day in this old world in trials dark and drear. We know that Satan tempts us, and tries to make us fear. We pray that God will help us  be patient and to wait. And hold us in His keeping until we reach the gate.

### Verse 3

We walk each day in this old world protecting those we love, And Jesus plainly taught us that love is from above. We know that God has loved us! He gave the best He had. And made us to be brothers with love to keep us glad.

### Chorus

We know not when we're walking how many steps are left. We only know the Sav-ior will do what He sees best. He'll guide us on our journey and take us home on high. To be there with the Father in glory by and by.

### Verse 4

We walk each day in this old world like others who have served. We know by their example the way which never curves. They all have gone but we are here, but not for very long. It won't be but a moment till others sing the songs.


## Scriptures

- [II Corinthians 5:7](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=II%20Corinthians%205%3A7)

## Topics

- Christ - Guide/Leader
- Christian Life
- Faith/ Believe
- Love - Of God
- Walking With God

## Stakeholders

- Caldwell, Grant B. (Composer)
- Caldwell, Grant B. (Lyricist)
- Caldwell, Grant B. (Arranger)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)
- Caldwell Publications (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1995 by Caldwell Publications. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

