# 21281 - ALL AUTHORITY AND POWER

## Notation

Bb - 4/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

All authority and power, Ev'ry status and domain, Now belongs to one who suffered Our redemption to obtain; Angels, demons, kings and rulers, Over all shall Jesus reign!

### Verse 2

All the nations owe Him worship, Ev'ry tongue shall call him Lord; How are men to call upon Him If His name they have not heard? Therefore go and make disciples, Preach his gospel, spread His word.

### Verse 3

All the clear commands of Jesus Must be heeded and obeyed; Full provision for our weakness In His teaching He has made; In the Gospel words and symbols Saving truth to us conveyed.

### Verse 4

All the time He will be with us, Always, to the end of days; With His own believing people Who keep steadfast in His ways; God the Father, Son, and Spirit, Bless us, and to Him the praise!


## Scriptures

### Matthew 28:18

- [Matthew 28:18](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%2028%3A18)


## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Kingship/Lordship
- Christ - Teacher
- Obedience

## Stakeholders

- UNSER HERRSCHER (Composer)
- Neander, Joachim (Composer)
- Idle, Christopher (Lyricist)
- Idle, Christopher (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1973 by Christopher Idle - The Jubilate Group. (Admin. by Hope Publishing Company.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

