# 21285 - SONG OF MOSES AND THE LAMB

## Notation

G - 2/2 on 2d - DO

## Lyrics

### Coda

Lord. Great and marvelous, Lord. Great and marvelous, Lord.

### Verse 1

Great and marvelous are Your deeds; Great and marvelous, Lord. Great and marvelous are Your deeds; Great and marvelous, Lord. Lord God Almighty, just and true are Your ways; King of the nations, You will awe and amaze. For You alone are holy. Nations come and worship at Your throne.  For all Your righteous acts have been revealed; The glory all is Yours.

### Verse 2

Great and marvelous are Your deeds; Great and marvelous, Lord. Great and marvelous are Your deeds; Great and marvelous, Lord. Lord, in Your presence, songs of glory we raise; Bowing before You, hear the world give You praise. For You alone are holy. Nations come and worship at Your throne.  For all Your righteous acts have been revealed; The glory all is Yours. Great and marvelous are Your deeds; Great and marvelous, Lord. Great and marvelous are Your deeds; Great and marvelous, Lord. 


## Scriptures

### Revelation 15:3

- [Revelation 15:3](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%2015%3A3)


## Topics

- Adoration
- Christ - Lamb Of God
- Holiness/Purity
- Praise/Adoration - Of God

## Stakeholders

- Kite, A. H. (Composer)
- Kite, A. H. (Lyricist)
- Morrison, Richard L. (Arranger)
- Kite, A. H. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2016 by A .H. Kite.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

