# 21309 - A MIND TO WORK

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 4+ - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Lord, give us a mind to work, And help us to see each need. Lord, help us to care And seek You in prayer, Then reach out in word and deed.

### Verse 2

Lord, give us a mind to work, Whatever our skill may be. We'll work side by side With all You provide, And serve with humility.

### Verse 3

Lord, give us a mind to work, Though challenged by enemies; We'll build and defend, Without and within, And pray, fighting on our knees.

### Verse 4

Lord, give us a mind to work, May we hear Your word with awe; Though we fall in sin, Restore us again, With joy help us keep Your law.

### Verse 5

Lord, give us a mind to work, Our life spent in love for You; May we stay on guard And keep working hard, Until Your great work is through.


## Scriptures

- [Nehemiah 4:6](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Nehemiah%204%3A6)

## Topics

- Discipleship
- Evangelism
- Work And Service

## Stakeholders

- NEHEMIAH (Composer)
- Rouse, Stephen E. (Composer)
- Rouse, Stephen E. (Lyricist)
- Rouse, Stephen E. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2008 by S. E. Rouse. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

