# 21313 - SAFE THUS FAR

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

On this day of calm reflection, We lift up our hearts in praise; We are here by Your protection, Guided safely thru our days. Looking back, we see Your blessing Thru the years Your care has spanned; Lord, Your love, beyond expressing, Brought us here by grace we stand. 

### Verse 2

Now we see the work around us: Walking worthy of Your call; Opportunities surround us; Serving You demands our all. Blessed with knowledge, skill, and treasure, We will work with strength renewed; Taking joy in Your good pleasure, We com-mit our works to You. 

### Verse 3

Down the path that lies before us Mortal eyes may not yet see; Yet Your promises restore us: Where You are, there we shall be. So whereever You may take us, You our guide, our Morning Star, We know You will not forsake us; You have led us safe thus far. 


## Scriptures

### II Samuel 7:18

- [II Samuel 7:18](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=II%20Samuel%207%3A18)


## Topics

- Grace
- Service
- Promises Of God

## Stakeholders

- WELLS (Composer)
- Rouse, Stephen E. (Composer)
- Rouse, Stephen E. (Lyricist)
- Rouse, Stephen E. (Arranger)
- Rouse, Stephen E. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2011 by S. E. Rouse. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

