# 21319 - THEN CAME THE MORNING

## Notation

C - 4/4 on 4+ - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

They all walked away, nothing to say. They'd just lost their dearest Friend. All that He said, now He was dead; So this was the way it would end. The dreams they had dreamed were not what they'd seemed now that He was dead and gone. The garden, the jail, the hammer, the nail: How could a night be so long? hammer, the nail: How could a night be so long?

### Verse 2

The angel, the star, the kings from afar, the wedding, the water, the wine: Now it was done; they'd taken her Son, wasted before His time. She knew it was true, She'd watched Him die, too. She'd heard them call Him just a man. But deep in her heart, She knew from the start Somehow her Son would live again. Then came the morning. Night turned into day. The stone was rolled away! Hope rose with the dawn. Then came the morning. Shadows vanished before the sun. Death had lost, and life had won, for morning had come.


## Scriptures

### Mark 16:6

- [Mark 16:6](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Mark%2016%3A6)


## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Crucifixion/Death
- Christ - Resurrection

## Stakeholders

- Gaither, Will J. (Composer)
- Christian, Chris (Composer)
- Gaither, Gloria (Lyricist)
- Gaither Music Company Word Music, LLC. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1982, 1983 Gaither Music Company Word Music, LLC.  Admin. by Gaither Copyright Management, Word Entertainment, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.
Note: Refer to "Additional Information" For contact information.

