# 21312 - RISE UP AGAIN

## Notation

Ab - 2/2 on 2 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Lord, I turn from my sin, From the battle within; You have brought up my life from the pit. Though my hope seemed to die, Yet You still heard my cry; You revived me when I would have quit. 

### Verse 2

Lord, I long to be pure, Yet my heart is at war, As the Spirit and flesh fight within. By Your grace, help me kill My desire and my will; Set me free from the passion of sin! 

### Verse 3

Though my sin You have known, Now my sin You have thrown Just as far as the east from the west. You remove all my shame. You Yourself know my frame; You are mindful that I am but dust. 

### Chorus

Though the righteous may fall, Mighty God hears their call. To the sea He will cast all their sin! Now all thanks be to God! Though I fall, weak and flawed, O my Lord, help me rise up again! 


## Scriptures

- [Micah 7:19](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Micah%207%3A19)

## Topics

- Renewal/Revival
- Renewal/Revival - Of Believers

## Stakeholders

- Rouse, Stephen E. (Composer)
- Rouse, Stephen E. (Lyricist)
- Rouse, Stephen E. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2008 by S. E. Rouse. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

