# 21316 - PROCLAIM HIS DEATH

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 3+ - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

O holy Father, as we gath-er 'round This humble table set in memory, Our minds turn back to One who gave up all to come and hang in sorrow up on Calv'ry. 

### Verse 2

This bread we break in grateful memory Of Him who laid His rightful robe aside.  And taking up an earthly mantle, suffered all that we in Heaven could abide.  


### Verse 3

O shameful death, surrounded there by thieves! No hand to soothe, no arms to lift Him up. His blood, poured out for all the world's iniquities, is symbol seen within this cup. This bread we break till we shall rise, That we may meet Him in the skies.

### Verse 4

In patient hope and looking for that Day, When Christ shall come, these mortal bodies rise. Proclaim His death till death is but a memory and we shall join Him in the skies.


## Scriptures

### I Corinthians 11:26

- [I Corinthians 11:26](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Corinthians%2011%3A26)


## Topics

- Lord's Supper
- Lord's Supper - Observance
- Lord's Supper - Remembrance

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, Anne F. (Composer)
- Stevens, Anne F. (Lyricist)
- Stevens, Anne F. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2001 by Anne Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

