# 21311 - LET EVERY LANGUAGE

## Notation

Ab - 4/4 on 4+ - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Let every language,  tribe and land, As countless as the stars and sand, Now join as one to praise our King, Let every saint bow down and sing: 

### Verse 2

At Babel, God chose to divide The languages of those in pride. But now, in Christ, those tongues unite Before the throne both day and night: 

### Verse 3

And so it is that Babel's curse, By Jesus' work, has been reversed. So let us bring all nations in To sing with all redeemed from sin: 

### Chorus

All blessing, glory, wisdom, might Be to our God who dwells in light; Thanksgiving, honor, pow'r to Him, And to the Lamb! Amen, amen. 


## Scriptures

- [Revelation 7:9](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%207%3A9)

## Topics

- Praise/Adoration
- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- Traditional African Melody (Composer)
- Rouse, Stephen E. (Composer)
- Rouse, Stephen E. (Lyricist)
- Rouse, Stephen E. (Arranger)
- McKinsey, Josh (Arranger)
- Rouse, Stephen E. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Words © Copyright 2014 by S. E. Rouse.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

