# 21314 - THE LORD IS A WARRIOR

## Notation

G - 3/4 on 3 - LA

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

The LORD is a warrior; the LORD is His name. His strength is unchanging, forever the same. His name is exalted; He shatters all wrong. He is my salvation, my strength, and my song. 

### Verse 2

The LORD is a warrior; He drowns all our woes. He parted the waters and swallowed our foes. The horse and its rider He hurled to the sea; His right hand delivers in bold victory. 

### Verse 3

The LORD is a warrior; the nations have heard. They tremble before Him and quake at His word. His dread reputation has brought them dismay; The rulers of darkness have melted away. 

### Verse 9

The LORD is a warrior; His army a throng. No evil can stop Him, no matter how strong. His people will triumph as He leads them in; His reign is forever and ever. Amen. 


## Scriptures

### Exodus 15:3

- [Exodus 15:3](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Exodus%2015%3A3)


## Topics

- God
- Praise/Adoration
- Praise/Adoration - Of God

## Stakeholders

- PAYNE (Composer)
- Rouse, Stephen E. (Composer)
- Exodus 15 (Lyricist)
- Rouse, Stephen E. (Lyricist)
- Rouse, Stephen E. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2010 by S. E. Rouse. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

