# 21310 - AN UNDISTRACTED MIND

## Notation

Ab - 2/2 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Lord, make in me an undistracted mind. Clear from my eyes the cares that leave me blind. Tear from my heart the thorns that choke my love; Help me to set my mind on things above. 

### Verse 2

Lord, make in me an undistracted mind. Renewed, transformed, and with Your will aligned. Remind my soul, when stressed by many things: One thing I need the portion Jesus brings. 

### Verse 3

Lord, make in me an undistracted mind. Help me press on and leave the past behind. One thing I do: reach forward to the goal, Each thought restrained and under Your control. 

### Verse 4

Lord, make in me an undistracted mind. Fill it with thoughts for which it was designed. Teach me Your love surpassing human thought; Lead me to You, my God whom I have sought. 


## Scriptures

- [I Corinthians 7:35](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Corinthians%207%3A35)

## Topics

- Devotion
- Prayer
- Surrender/Submission

## Stakeholders

- UNDISTRACTED (Composer)
- Rouse, Stephen E. (Composer)
- Rouse, Stephen E. (Lyricist)
- Rouse, Stephen E. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2018 by S. E. Rouse. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

