# 21325 - WHEN MY LOVE TO CHRIST GROWS WEAK

## Notation

G - 3/4 on 1 - LA

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

When my love to Christ grows weak, When for deeper faith I seek, Then in tho't I go to thee, Garden of Gethsemane. 

### Verse 2

There I walk amid the shades While the ling'ring twilight fades, See that suff'ring, friendless One, Weeping, praying there alone. 


### Verse 3

When my love for man grows weak, When for stronger faith I seek, Hill of Calvary I go To thy scenes of fear and woe.

### Verse 4

There behold His agony, Suffered on the bitter tree; See His anguish, see His faith, Love triumphant still in death.

### Verse 5

Then to life I turn again, Learning all the worth of pain, Learning all the might that lies In a full selfsacrifice.


## Scriptures

### Mark 9:24

- [Mark 9:24](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Mark%209%3A24)


## Topics

- Christ
- Lord's Supper
- Lord's Supper - Remembrance

## Stakeholders

- Edwards' Baptist Book of Praise (Composer)
- Wreford, John R. (Lyricist)
- Edwards' Baptist Book of Praise (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Music © Copyright 2019 by Ryan L. Alexander. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

