# 21324 - WILL YOU LIVE FOR JESUS

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Are you living for the Savior, as you go along life's way? Are you following His footsteps, ev'ry hour of ev'ry day? Do you contemplate the future, when by death you're called away? You should now begin to do so, do not waste another day! 

### Verse 2

Look into His sacred scripture, study all He has to say, Then obey what you have learned about the straight and narrow way. Walk therein with joy and gladness, your heart filled with love and peace, Ev'ry day and hour you follow Him, your faith will be increased.

### Verse 3

You must learn to trust the Savior, take His word into your heart, And then live your life in such a way, He never will depart. Then when time on earth is over, and the judgment day has come, You will hear Him say to you at last: "My faithful child, well done." 

### Chorus

This life is very fleeting, it soon shall be no more, For we all are earthly beings, bound for th'Eternal shore; There is no turning backward, it soon will be too late: For if you have not obeyed by then, you can't enter heaven's gate. 


## Scriptures

- [Romans 6:16](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans%206%3A16)

## Topics

- Eternal Life
- Invitation
- Obedience
- Salvation

## Stakeholders

- Morrison, Richard L. (Composer)
- Morrison, Richard L. (Lyricist)
- Morrison, Richard L. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1994 by R. L. Morrison. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

