# 21323 - A SIMPLE MAN

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

The Lord doesn't need a mighty man to battle Satan's fires. The Lord doesn't need a giant's strength whose body never tires. The Lord only needs a simple man whose heart is pure and good, Who loves the Lord with ev'rything and does just what he should.

### Verse 2

The Lord did not use Goliath's sword to prove His pow'r and might, But chose instead a shepherd boy who stood for what was right, A boy who was small and young of age, but held God deep within. The Lord did not need a mighty man, but needed all of him.  

### Verse 3

We all need to be just simple folks who seek to serve each day, Who give ev'rything we have to God and trust Him, come what may, To see ourselves as God sees us, with bodies weak and frail. But He can show His pow'r thru us; His strength will never fail.

### Chorus

The Lord doesn't need a hero to brave death's terrors grim. The Lord only needs a simple man, but He needs all of him.


## Scriptures

### I Samuel 16:7

- [I Samuel 16:7](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Samuel%2016%3A7)


## Topics

- Evangelism
- Heart
- Trust
- Work And Service

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, Anne F. (Composer)
- King, Linda (Lyricist)
- King, Linda (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2000 by Linda King. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

