# 21321 - ENOUGH FOR MY GOD

## Notation

D - 3/4 on 3 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

In God is the light, the brightest day. He taught me to walk the narrow way, Yet still I chose the path that was broad: O, how could I be enough for my God?

### Verse 2

With mercy so sweet, He led me along. He held my hand, and gave me a song, Yet still I sinned, a shameful fraud: O, how could I be enough for my God?

### Verse 3

I never had dreamed the day I'd see the Son of God, who died for me, Yet here by His side, I stand in awe: Washed by His blood, enough for my God.

### Chorus

And who could forgive all the sins and the flaws? O, how could I be enough for my God? But gently He'll lead by staff and by rod, And help me to be enough for my God.

### Coda

I just want to be Enough for You, God!


## Scriptures

### Ephesians 2:8

- [Ephesians 2:8](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Ephesians%202%3A8)


## Topics

- Forgiveness - Of God
- God
- God - Presence
- Reward

## Stakeholders

- Eldridge, G. M. (Composer)
- Eldridge, G. M. (Lyricist)
- Acapeldridge (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2018 by Acapeldridge.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

