# 21327 - BLESSED BIRTH

## Notation

F - 6/8 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

What is that, O Majesty, Ringing clearly high up there; Do the angels praise and glorify their Lord? Do the wond'rous glad hosannas sound thru heaven's Holy realm, When a child is born to Thee, O Living Word? 

### Verse 2

Listen well. O Majesty, While we praise Thee here below; As we tell Thee of the joy within our soul.  Tho' our songs be not as pretty  as the songs the angels sing, When a child is given place within Thy fold.

### Verse 3

And we praise Thee, Holy Lord, For this child born just today; For this one who came not doubting Thy great love. For this one who came believing truly that Messiah lives, Doubting not our Lord is reigning high above. 


## Scriptures

- [Luke 15:10](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Luke%2015%3A10)

## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Birth/Incarnation

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2001 by O. E. Landrum and R. J. Stevens.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

