# 21329 - COMMISSION ALMIGHTY

## Notation

Ab - 4/4 on 4+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Twas there on the mountain and high 'bove the sea, They waited where Je-sus had asked them to be; To hear the commission that Jesus would bring, Commission Almighty, Revealed by the King. 

### Verse 2

All pow'r, sayeth Jesus is given to Me, In heaven, on earth and beyond ev'ry sea, Go tell ev'ry people, For me they should live, And carefully follow, The way that I give. 

### Verse 3

Go shout from the mountains, The Savior is slain, Say ye, He has risen, He's coming again! And lo, I Am with you, And ever shall be, And always you'll teach in The name of the Three. 

### Coda

Hold high thou the banner of truth to the world, The winds of the Spirit will keep it unfurled.


## Scriptures

- [Matthew 28:19](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%2028%3A19)

## Topics

- Evangelism
- Christ -  Ascension/Coronation
- Christ - Resurrection

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2001 by O. E. Landrum and R. J. Stevens.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

