# 21334 - THE PROMISE IS FOR YOU

## Notation

Db - 3/4 on 3 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

How great the promises of God, By which He calls us from our sin; How sweet the word that we so flawed May be His children once again. How precious and magnificent, The hope we have of what  He'll do; If you, O sinner will repent, Then know the promise is for you. 

### Verse 2

The promise came so long ago, Confirmed with signs for those who heard; At gate and temple portico, A multitude received the word. That same implanted word, we preach; Forever living, always new; Its promise is the same for each, And now the promise is for you.

### Verse 3

No burden is too terrible; No guilty sinner is too vile; Our Our Fa-ther loves the prodigal, And He will spread His arms and smile. As arms and smile. As we have chosen, make your choice, And share in His forgiveness too; While all the hosts of heav'n rejoice, O come! The promise is for you. 


## Scriptures

### Acts 2:39

- [Acts 2:39](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Acts%202%3A39)


## Topics

- Promises Of God
- Salvation

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Lyricist)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2003 by  Matthew Bassford and R. J. Stevens.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

