# 21337 - THERE IS A CITY

## Notation

G - 6/4 on 6 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

There is a city given To those who please the Lord; Jerusalem from heaven, Their triumph and reward. No unclean thing may enter; No wickedness, come in, For God is at its center, Too pure for any sin. 

### Verse 2

There is a crystal river, Abundant as His grace; It flows with life forever To bless His dwelling place. It fills the saints with gladness Thru that eternal day; They know no pain or sadness, For those have passed away. 

### Verse 3

There is a throne inside it, Of God and of the Lamb; The holy serve beside it And wear the name, "I AM." With God their only temple, They worship and adore, And as His chosen people, They reign forevermore. 


## Scriptures

- [Revelation 21:2](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%2021%3A2)

## Topics

- Heaven
- Heaven - Eternal Home
- Heaven - Reward/Crown

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Lyricist)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2003 by  Matthew Bassford and R. J. Stevens.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

