# 21330 - THIS TIME, I WILL PRAISE THE LORD

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

God will bless the brokenhearted, And His goodness I will see; Tho' my dreams have all departed, He is near to comfort me. Standing here amid the rubble Where my earthly hopes had soared,
I will turn to Him in trouble; This time, I will praise the Lord.

### Verse 2

Now I see my former blindness; Now I see my plans were vain, Yet in God is lovingkindness, And His promises remain. With His grace, He will anoint me; With His hand, He will reward; He will never disappoint me; This time, I will praise the Lord.

### Verse 3

For the gifts that He has given, For the gifts He will not give, I will praise the God of heaven; I will share in Him, and live. In the joy of pres-ent blessing, In the hope of loss restored, By my faith, I come confessing; This time, I will praise the Lord.


## Scriptures

- [Genesis 29:35](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Genesis%2029%3A35)

## Topics

- Praise/Adoration
- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ
- Praise/Adoration - Of God
- Promises Of God

## Stakeholders

- JUDAH (Composer)
- Peterson, Carl O. (Composer)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Lyricist)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Copyright Holder)
- Peterson, Carl O. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2016 by M. W. Bassford and Carl O. Peterson. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

