# 21333 - GREATER IS HE

## Notation

F - 6/4 on 6 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Chorus

Greater is He. Greater is He. Greater is He who is in you Than he who is in the world.

### Verse 1

Arise, weary Christians! Be eager and strong; Go forth to your struggles rejoicing in song. Whatever your foes and your conflicts may be, Christ Jesus is in you, and greater is He!

### Verse 2

Consider His power when prisoned within, When Satan has bound you in shackles of sin. Throw off your transgressions! Repent, and go free! Your Savior will aid you, and greater is He!

### Verse 3

Remember to praise Him upon your last breath, Tho' soon you will fall to the darkness of death. Look past to the vict'ry that morning will see; The Firstborn has conquered, and greater is He!


## Scriptures

### I John 4:4

- [I John 4:4](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20John%204%3A4)


## Topics

- Christ
- Patience/Longsuffering
- Praise/Adoration

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Lyricist)
- Bassford, Matthew W. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2002 by  Matthew Bassford and R. J. Stevens.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

