# 21349 - COME FORTH, LAZARUS!

## Notation

G - 3/4 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Footprints of Jesus to Bethany led, on through Judea to loved ones ahead, Laz'rus, His good friend had yielded to death; Mary and Martha had laid him to rest. Hushed were the guests as they murmured about, but then taken with wonder to hear Jesus shout. 

### Verse 2

Precious old story of Jesus that day, reaching the tomb where His friend, Laz'rus lay; Touched by His loved ones, so smitten with grief; Then, overtaken, He started to weep. Crying and mourning, they saw Jesus pray, but the crowd had no warning for what He would say.

### Chorus

He cried, "Come forth, Lazarus!" The power of God there to make manifest; He cried, "Come forth, Lazarus!" And one who had slept was now raised from the dead!


## Scriptures

### John 11:43

- [John 11:43](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%2011%3A43)


## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Life/Ministry

## Stakeholders

- Costa, Ivan (Composer)
- Costa, Ivan (Lyricist)
- Ivan Costa Music/BMI (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1993 by Ivan Costa Music/BMI. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

