# 21343 - HOME ABOVE THE BLUE

## Notation

F - 3/4 on 3 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

There's a home above the blue, waiting there for me and you. There will be no pain or sorrow there.  Only joy and peace will be, and with saved ones there to see, In that beautiful home above the blue.

### Verse 2

There's a Savior up above, gave His life to prove His love, So that we may have eternal life. He will lead us day by day in the strait and narrow way, To that beautiful home above the blue.

### Verse 3

There is nothing can compare with His tender, loving care, If we keep our trust in Him each day. His great truth does teach us all, and prepares us for His call, To that beautiful home above the blue.

### Coda

Home, Home, Beautiful home, Where we'll never more roam.


## Scriptures

### I Peter 1:4

- [I Peter 1:4](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Peter%201%3A4)


## Topics

- Heaven
- Heaven - Eternal Home
- Heaven - Reward/Crown

## Stakeholders

- Martin, Frances O. (Composer)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Martin, Frances O. (Lyricist)
- Martin, Frances O. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1999 by Frances O. Martin.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

