# 21353 - MY THANKFUL HEART

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Long ago where Jesus lived He met their ev'ry need; He healed the lame and raised the dead, and hungry He did feed. When He met the ten unclean they left, the priest to find. One returned to thank the Lord, "Where are the other nine?" One re-turned to thank the Lord, "Where are the other nine?"

### Verse 2

Then I looked into my heart to see what I would find. Like the others I was cleansed by His blood divine. Am I like the nine who left, or am I like the one Who took time to thank the Lord for all that He had done? Who took time to thank the Lord for all that He had done?

### Verse 3

ather, now I bow my head in prayer to You above. I desire to worship You You've shown me so much love. For Your Son who died for me, salvation to impart. May I ever be the one with such a thankful heart. May I ever be the one with such a thankful heart.


## Scriptures

- [Luke 17:15](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Luke%2017%3A15)

## Topics

- Heart
- Thanksgiving

## Stakeholders

- Conner, Jay (Composer)
- Conner, Carol (Lyricist)
- Conner, Jay (Lyricist)
- Conner, Jay (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2000 by Jay Conner. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

