# 21356 - ONE VOICE

## Notation

Bb - 4/4 on 3+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

I have but one voice to praise the Savior, But if you join me and praise Him too, We can tell others of His great glory, And you will see what one voice can do. I have but one voice to praise the Savior, But if you join me and praise Him too, We can tell others of His great glory, And you will see what one voice can do. 

### Verse 2

We all are diff'rent with many points of view, But rest assured, friend, this much is true, If we unite in God's Holy Word of Truth, Then you will see what one voice can do. I have but one voice to praise the Savior, But if you join me and praise Him too, We can tell others of His great glory, And you will see what one voice can do. 

### Verse 3

One voice speaks softly, and another's weak, But joined together they grow in strength, Till one great chorus shouts out the blessed news, And you will see what one voice can do. I have but one voice to praise the Savior, But if you join me and praise Him too, We can tell others of His great glory, And you will see what one voice can do. One voice to praise the Lord.


## Scriptures

### Romans 15:6

- [Romans 15:6](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans%2015%3A6)


## Topics

- Praise/Adoration
- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- Costa, Ivan (Composer)
- Costa, Ivan (Lyricist)
- Ivan Costa Music/BMI (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2009 by Ivan Costa Music/BMI. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

