# 21399 - GET THE BEHIND ME

## Notation

G - 3/4 on 3 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

I've read from the Bible the words of my Master, When tempted by Satan had these words to say: "Get thee behind me, Get thee behind me, I serve only God and there's no other way."

### Verse 2

So oft' have I read it, I know Jesus said it; So plainly it's written that I must believe. 'Tis written that Satan will some day be smitten, And never again will he ever deceive.

### Verse 3

I search the fair writ of the mind of Jehovah, And daily I ponder the will of my Lord. He wills that I keep the grim reaper behind me. I must and I shall for I trust in His word. 

### Verse 4

O Lord guide my way as I read the dear pages, Where truth after truth is so wond'rous to see, And each will incite me to stand and declare it. His truths all are written, All writ-ten to me. 


## Scriptures

### Luke 4:8

- [Luke 4:8](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Luke%204%3A8)


## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Word/Way
- Satan
- Trust
- Word Of God/Bible

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2003 by O. E. Landrum and R. J. Stevens.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

