# 21413 - WASH IN THE WATER

## Notation

Eb - 6/8 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Naaman the leper had journeyed abroad Seeking a prophet to call on his God. No speech was made nor were great deeds his role. He was told simply to wash and be whole.

### Verse 2

Saul the oppressor now truly believed, Fasting and praying for days as he grieved, Needing his great debt of sin washed away. “Rise and be baptized,” he heard the man say.

### Verse 3

Smallest of actions, can such a thing save, Barely resembling Christ's death and His grave? How can mere water remove sin and shame? Only by grace and thru faith in His name.

### Chorus

 "Wash in the water," O, what a command! No mighty work did the Savior demand. No wages are paid and no boast has a place. Just  "Wash and be clean," by God's wonderful grace.


## Scriptures

### Ephesians 2:8

- [Ephesians 2:8](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Ephesians%202%3A8)


## Topics

- Baptism
- Invitation
- Salvation

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, Jady (Composer)
- Stevens, Jady (Lyricist)
- Stevens, Jady (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2018 by Jady Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

