# 21419 - THE EDGES OF HIS WAYS

## Notation

C - 4/4 on 4+ - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

I will never see the total of the things the Lord has done. All I see are just the edges while His power thunders on. In a week His word has made them, in a week of numbered days. Yet these things that mystify me are mere edges of His ways.

### Verse 2

I will never cease to wonder at how life is first begun, Or a flock of birds can gather, taking flight and turn as one. How could Jesus love the sinner? How can sins be washed away? Yet these things that mystify me are mere edges of His ways.

### Verse 3

Tho' I climb the highest mountains, and may walk the valleys wide, Tho' I catch the mighty creatures from the seas where they abide, Tho' I fly thru cloudy spaces, see the sunshine all ablaze, Yet these things that mystify me are mere edges of His ways.


## Scriptures

### Job 26:14

- [Job 26:14](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Job%2026%3A14)


## Topics

- God
- God - Creator
- God - Powerful/Knowing/Present

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, Anne F. (Lyricist)
- Stevens, Anne F. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, Jady (Composer)
- Stevens, Jady (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Words © Copyright 2017 by Anne Stevens. Music © Copyright 2017 by Jady Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

