# 21427 - HE TOOK MY PLACE

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

In anguish and in sorrow, the Son of Man pleads with God. "You can do all things, Father, let this cup pass from me. But if it may not pass from me except I drink, then not my will but Yours be done."

### Verse 2

Comes now the hour of trial, the sinless Lamb of God. To save His own He has come, yet His own received Him not. Abused, reviled, and mocked, He does not even answer, He took my place, He died for me.

### Verse 3

God's Lamb led to the slaughter, nailed upon the cruel tree, Pierced thru for my transgressions, crushed for my iniquities, Thus He who had no sin, was made to be sin for me. So, by His wounds I am healed.

### Verse 4

While I was yet a sin-ner, He bore my sins upon the cross. Abounding love for me shown by His selfsacrifice. Such I did not deserve. That price I should have paid. He took my place, He died for me.


## Scriptures

### I Peter 2:24

- [I Peter 2:24](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Peter%202%3A24)


## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Crucifixion/Death
- Christ - Lamb Of God
- Lord's Supper

## Stakeholders

- German Melody, 15th Century (Composer)
- McMurray, Mike (Lyricist)
- Praetorius, Michael (Arranger)
- McMurray, Mike (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Lyrics © Copyright 2015 by Mike McMurray.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

