# 21421 - HIS STEADFAST LOVE ENDURES FOREVER

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Give thanks to God, for He is good. Give thanks to God, above all gods. Give thanks to Him, the Lord of lords, For His steadfast love endures forever!

### Verse 2

To Him whose wisdom made the sky, To Him who hung the heav'nly lights, To Him who spread the earth abroad, For His steadfast love endures forever!

### Verse 3

To Him who bro't all Egypt low, To Him who called His firstborn forth, To Him who split the sea in two, For His steadfast love endures forever!

### Verse 4

To Him who led His people home, To Him who struck down mighty kings, To Him who made the slave an heir, For His steadfast love endures forever!

### Verse 5

To Him who saw our low estate, To Him who saved us from our foes, To Him who gives the bread of life, For His steadfast love endures forever!

### Chorus

Let all the house of Israel say, Forever! Forever! Let all the royal priesthood say, Forever! Forever! Let all who fear the LORD proclaim: His steadfast love endures Forever!


## Scriptures

### Psalm 136:1

- [Psalm 136:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20136%3A1)


## Topics

- God - Creator
- Love - Of God
- Thanksgiving

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, Jady (Composer)
- Stevens, Jady (Lyricist)
- Stevens, Jady (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2018 by Jady Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

