# 21424 - JESUS IS LIVING IN ME

## Notation

Bb - 3/4 on 2+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

My Lord came down from heav'n above and gave His life, to show His love; His blood has cleansed my soul from sin, O praise His name, I live again!

### Verse 2

I'll try to be a shining light to those I know who are in sin; I'll tell them why I live for Him, and how He'll save me after while.

### Verse 3

The Lord will help me ev'ry day, If I will try to follow Him; His word will guide me in His way, that leads to heaven's golden street.

### Chorus

Jesus is living in me, Jesus is living in me. Tell the world of His love and live for Him ev'ry day. Jesus the Savior came down from above to save sinners; and all who obey Him can live. His love on Calvary conquered death: made me free; Now I am living in Him ev'ry day.


## Scriptures

- [Galatians 2:20](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Galatians%202%3A20)

## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Savior
- Christ - Word/Way
- Discipleship

## Stakeholders

- Beard, James D. (Composer)
- Beard, James D. (Lyricist)
- Beard, James D. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1978 by James D. Beard. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

