# 21425 - I CAME TO THE CROSS

## Notation

G - 6/8 on 6 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

I came to the cross and what did I see? A mother there weeping for her son on a tree. I came to the cross and what did I see? A soldier there bowing who knew this was He. And then I saw Him, and then I saw Him. I saw my blessed Savior hanging there for me. 

### Verse 2

I came to the cross and what did I hear? The pounding of nails into those hands so dear. I came to the cross and what did I hear? The cruel crowd mocking as they came to jeer. And then I heard Him, and then I heard Him. I heard my Savior crying, "God, why aren't You near?" 

### Verse 3

I come to the cross and what do I know? That Jesus was willing to come down below. I come to the cross and what do I know? He suffered in sorrow in pain and in woe. And this I know now, and this I know now: I know my blessed Savior surely loves me so. 

### Verse 4

I come to the cross and what must I say? I'm sorry my sins caused such shame on that day. I come to the cross and what must I say? I grieve for the debt that my Lord had to pay. But I'm so thankful, but I'm so thankful; Thankful my Savior came and gave to us the Way. 


## Scriptures

- [Galatians 3:13](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Galatians%203%3A13)

## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Crucifixion/Death
- Christ - Redeemer
- Lord's Supper - Remembrance

## Stakeholders

- Beard, Mary Jane (Composer)
- Beard, Mary Jane (Lyricist)
- Beard, Mary Jane (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1996 by Mary Jane Beard. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

