# 21432 - WITH JESUS BY MY SIDE

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 3+ - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

I want to be a soldier for Jesus; I want to carry His banner far and wide. I will do battle against Satan's army And gain the vict'ry with Jesus by my side. I'll carry with me God's sword of the Spirit; Salvation's helmet will be upon my head. I'll firmly hold the shield of faith before me And follow Je-sus whereever I am led.

### Verse 2

I want to be a worker for Jesus; I want to labor in harvest fields of white. I will be steadfast and toil in God's vineyard, Gathering sweet souls with Jesus by my side. I will sow seeds of true and simple Gospel to fall upon hearts of honest, searching souls. They will be nourished with the Living Water; God gives the increase and watches as they grow.

### Verse 3

I want to be a servant for Jesus; I want to humble myself with no more pride, I will do good deeds and pure acts of kindness While serving others with Jesus by my side. If just a cup of cool refreshing water Is all that I have to give my fellow man, Then let me see no one is ever thirsty. With what I have I will do the most I can.


## Scriptures

- [Matthew 28:19](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%2028%3A19)

## Topics

- Evangelism
- Soul Winning
- Work And Service

## Stakeholders

- Garrison, Gayle D. (Composer)
- Garrison, Gayle D. (Lyricist)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)
- Garrison, Gayle D. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2004 by Gayle Garrison.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.

