# 21447 - JESUS, OUR MEDIATOR

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Jesus through whom God approaches us today In You is "truth" and "life" and "the way." How could we come to the Father but through You, Savior to whom all our praises are due?

### Verse 2

Jesus the true revelation of the Word Through You the holy message can be heard. You were the Prophet that Moses had foretold Fully revealing the myst'ries of old.

### Verse 3

Jesus the manifestation of our God You came to Earth; these soils you have trod. Perfectly showing God's glory and His ways, Living as man, yet the Ancient of Days.

### Verse 4

Jesus the final salvation for mankind The full redemption those who seek may find. Nailed to the cross so God's vict'ry could be won Through sacrifice of Jehovah's only Son.


## Scriptures

### John 14:6

- [John 14:6](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%2014%3A6)


## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Savior
- Christ - Son Of God/Humanity
- Christ - Word/Way

## Stakeholders

- Sexton, Tony (Composer)
- Grubbs, Paul (Lyricist)
- Grubbs, Paul (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2020 by Paul Grubbs. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

