# 21465 - SWEET FEAST OF LOVE DIVINE

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Sweet feast of love divine! 'Tis grace that makes us free To feed upon this bread and wine, In mem'ry, Lord, of Thee

### Verse 2

Here every welcome guest Waits, Lord, from Thee to learn The secrets of Thy Father's breast, And all Thy grace discern.

### Verse 3

Here conscience ends its strife, And faith delights to prove The sweetness of the bread of life, The fullness of Thy love.

### Verse 4

Thy blood that flowed for sin, In symbol here we see, And feel the blessed pledge within, That we are loved of Thee.

### Verse 5

But if this glimpse of love Is so divinely sweet, What will it be, O Lord, above, Thy welcome smile to meet.


### Verse 6

To see Thee face to face, Thy perfect likeness wear, And all Thy ways of wondrous grace Thru endless years declare!


## Scriptures

- [I Corinthians 11:26](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Corinthians%2011%3A26)

## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Sacrifice
- Love
- Love - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- Nagel, Hans Georg (Composer)
- Haase, Diana Nelson (Arranger)
- Denny, Edward  (Lyricist)
- Haase, Diana Nelson (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

arr. © Copyright 2018 by Diana Nelson Haase. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R.J.Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5: 19; Colossians 3: 16

