# 21466 - MAY MY LIFE HONOR YOU

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

O Father help me honor You and offer glory to Your Name. My God, my Father, my dear Lord, May my life honor You each day.

### Verse 2

O Father help me worship You and offer glory to Your Name. My God, my Father, my dear Lord, May my voice worship You each day.


### Verse 3

O Father help me cherish You and offer glory to Your Name. My God, my Father, my dear Lord, May my heart cherish You each day.


### Chorus

May I reflect Christ's perfect life And love You fully with my heart, My mind, my soul, my strength, my self. I yearn to serve You with my all.

### Coda

Amen


## Scriptures

- [I Peter 3:15](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Peter%203%3A15)

## Topics

- Christ
- God
- God - Father
- Worship

## Stakeholders

- Alexander, Ryan (Composer)
- Alexander, Herbert (Lyricist)
- Haase, Diana Nelson (Lyricist)
- Alexander, Ryan (Copyright Holder)
- Haase, Diana Nelson (Copyright Holder)
- Alexander, Herbert (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2017 by Ryan Alexander, Herbert Alexander, & Diana Nelson Haase. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R.J.Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5: 19; Colossians 3: 16

