# 21472 - LORD, LET THY SPIRIT PERMEATE

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Lord, let thy Spirit permeate This heart and soul of mine; And my whole Being with Thy grace Pervade, O Life divine!

### Verse 2

As this clear air surrounds the earth, Thy grace around me roll; As the fresh light pervades the air, So pierce and fill my soul.

### Verse 3

As from these clouds drops down in love The precious summer rain, So from Thyself pour down the flood That freshens all again.

### Verse 4

As these fair flow'rs exhale their scent In gladness at our feet, So from Thyself let fragrance breathe, More heav'nly and more sweet.

### Verse 5

Thus life within our lifeless hearts, Shall make its glad abode; And we shall shine in beauteous light Filled with the light of God.


## Scriptures

- [Hebrews 4:12](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Hebrews%204%3A12)

## Topics

- Heaven
- Soul/Spirit
- Word Of God/Bible

## Stakeholders

- Haase, Diana Nelson (Arranger)
- Tallis, Thomas (Composer)
- Bonar, Horatius (Lyricist)
- Haase, Diana Nelson (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

arr. © Copyright 2016 by Diana Nelson Haase. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R.J.Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5: 19; Colossians 3: 16

