# 21473 - GO TO JESUS WITH IT ALL

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Is there heavy weight of care, In thy bosom anywhere,
And you need a friend to sympathize with you?
Go to Jesus with it all, And for comfort on Him call, 
He will give you such, as others cannot do! 


### Verse 2

In thy trouble He is near, O, my dear friend do not fear,
Ask of Him the burden there to roll away,
Obey  Jesus enter in, And a new life to begin,
And thy soul will have a happy, happy day! 

### Verse 3

You can touch Him with your cry, And He'll never pass you by,
For He feels the depths of all thy spirit's woe,
He has traveled sorrow's road, And has carried of its load
And He'll carry thine, my friend, to Him go! 

### Verse 4

When, Him trusting, you have tried, You'll be fully satisfied,
That there is no other friend like this dear One,
He such blessing will impart, As will gladden all my heart,
Go to Him if you would have it surely done! 


### Chorus

Go to Jesus with it all, Go to Jesus with it all, He's the helper that you need. He's a comforter indeed, Go to Jesus with it all, with it all!


## Scriptures

### Hebrews 2:18

- [Hebrews 2:18](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Hebrews%202%3A18)


## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Comforter
- Christ - Friend/Helper
- Obedience

## Stakeholders

- Eiland, F. L. (Composer)
- Eiland, F. L. (Lyricist)
- Sacred Selections, R. E. Winsett, LLC (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1937 by  Sacred Selections, R.E. Winsett. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
null

## Disclaimers


