# 21499 - INSIDE THE GATES OF HOME

## Notation

F - 3/4 on 2+ - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Inside the gates of home, sweet home, No heart is sad, none cares to roam; There life is bright and sweet and fair, And joy supreme is dwelling there.

### Verse 2

Inside the gates the angels bright Abide with Christ who is the light; And there the glad eternal throng Sing all the while the glad new song.

### Verse 3

There tears will all be washed away, And joy will crown the endless day; There glory crowns we all shall wear And mingle with the pure and fair.


### Verse 4

O, comrades, trust redeeming love, That we may meet our King above; And, gathered 'round His throne, adore, Our blessed Lord for evermore.

### Chorus

Inside the gates, the pearly gates, Pure rapture for the faithful waits; My soul no more will sigh or roam, Inside the gates of home, sweet home.


## Scriptures

- [Revelation 21:21](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%2021%3A21)

## Topics

- Faithfulness/Loyalty - Of Believer
- Heaven
- Heaven - Eternal Home

## Stakeholders

- Rowe, James (Lyricist)
- Crum, Ellis (Copyright Holder)
- Robinson, D. T.  (Composer)
- Crum, Ellis (Arranger)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1959 by Ellis Crum in Sacred Selections for the Church. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
Copyright Agreement has been made with RJStevensMusic, LLC

## Disclaimers

No License or Reporting Requirements for copyright compliance.
Permission to make a limited number of copies. 
For additional copies contact the copyright owner.

