# 21497 - WHEN THE REAPING IS DONE

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

In the harvest field we are toiling today. Beneath the blazing sun; But the load of life will pass away, When eternity has begun; As we bear our load we are thinking of home, Beyond life's setting sun; When the sun sinks low, we shall homeward go, When the reaping is done. 

### Verse 2

O, the fields are white and the laborers few, So let us watch and pray; That the needed labor we may do, In the vineyard while yet 'tis day; Up in heaven's land, at the Savior's right hand, All tasks forever done; No more burdens there, we shall ever share, When the reaping is done. 

### Verse 3

When the shadows fall and the close of life's day, Shall end our toiling here; When our Lord shall take His own away, They shall never know want nor fear; When the mighty throng gather 'round the white throne, Will you, that day, be one? Are you saved from sin, will you enter in, When the reaping is done? 

### Chorus

When the reaping is done, and the harvest is o'er, At the set of life's sun; We shall labor no more, Serving faithfully, Till the life crown's won, What a joy 'twill be, When the reaping is done.


## Scriptures

### Revelation 14:15

- [Revelation 14:15](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%2014%3A15)


## Topics

- Growth/Fruit-bearing
- Harvest
- Work And Service

## Stakeholders

- Harris, Roy (Composer)
- Crum, Ellis (Copyright Holder)
- Harris, Roy (Lyricist)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1956 by Ellis Crum in Sacred Selections for the Church.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
null

## Disclaimers


