# 21507 - WHAT SHALL THE HARVEST BE

## Notation

C - 6/8 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Sowing the seed by the daylight fair, Sowing the seed by the noonday glare, Sowing the seed by the fading light, Sowing the seed in the solemn night; O, what shall the harvest be? O, what shall the harvest be? 



### Verse 2

Sowing the seed by the wayside high, Sowing the seed on the rocks to die, Sowing the seed where the thorns will spoil, Sowing the seed in the fertile soil;  O, what shall the harvest be? O, what shall the harvest be? 


### Verse 3

Sowing the seed of a ling'ring pain, Sowing the seed of a maddened brain, Sowing the seed of a tarnished name, Sowing the seed of eternal shane; O, what shall the harvest be? O, what shall the harvest be? 


### Verse 4

Sowing the seed with an aching heart, Sowing the seed while the teardrops start; Sowing in hope till the reapers come, Gladly to gather the harvest home; O, what shall the harvest be? O, what shall the harvest be? 


### Chorus

Sown in the darkness or sown in the light, Sown in our weakness or sown in our might, Gathered in time or eternity, Sure, ah, sure will the harvest be.


## Scriptures

### Matthew 13:4

- [Matthew 13:4](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%2013%3A4)


## Topics

- Evangelism
- Harvest
- Soul Winning

## Stakeholders

- Crum, Ellis (Copyright Holder)
- Bliss, Phillip P. (Composer)
- Oakley, Emily S. (Lyricist)
- Crum, Ellis J. (Arranger)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1959 by Ellis Crum in Sacred Selections for the Church. International Copyright Secured. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
Copyright Agreement has been made with RJStevensMusic, LLC

## Disclaimers

No License or Reporting Requirements for copyright compliance
Permission to make a limited number of copies
For additional copies contact the copyright owner

