# 21504 - WE SING FOR ALL THE UNSUNG SAINTS

## Notation

A - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

We sing for all the unsung saints, That countless, nameless throng, Who kept the faith and passed it on, With hope steadfast and strong, Thru all the daily griefs and joys No chronicles record, Forgetful of their lack of fame, But mindful of the Lord.

2. Though uninscribed with date or place, With title, rank, or name, As living stones their stories join To form a hallowed frame Around the myst'ry in their midst: The Lamb once sacrificed, The Love that wrested life from death, The wounded, risen Christ.

3. So we take heart from unknown saints Bereft of earthly fame, Those faithful ones who have received a more enduring name: For they reveal true blessing comes When we our pride efface And offer back our lives to be The vessels of God's grace.

4. NC9013

5. NC9013






We sing for all the unsung saints, That countless, nameless throng, Who kept the faith and passed it on, With hope steadfast and strong, Thru all the daily griefs and joys No chronicles record, Forgetful of their lack of fame, but mindful of the Lord.

### Verse 2

Though uninscribed with date or place, With title, rank, or name, As living stones their stories join To form a hallowed frame Around the myst'ry in their midst: The Lamb once sacrificed, The Love that wrested life from death, The wounded, risen Christ.


### Verse 3

So we take heart from unknown saints Bereft of earthly fame, Those faithful ones who have received a more enduring name: For they reveal true blessing comes When we our pride efface And offer back our lives to be The vessels of God's grace.


## Scriptures

### I Peter 2:5

- [I Peter 2:5](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Peter%202%3A5)


## Topics

- Christ - Lamb Of God
- Christ - Savior
- Faithfulness/Loyalty - Of Believer

## Stakeholders

- Williams, Ralph Vaughan (Arranger)
- Traditional English Melody (Composer)
- Hope Publishing Co. (Copyright Holder)
- Daw, Carl P.   Jr. (Lyricist)

## Copyright

Words © Copyright 1994 by Hope Publishing Co., Carol Stream, IL. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
null

## Disclaimers


