# 21506 - THE MAN AFTER GOD'S OWN HEART

## Notation

F - 3/4 on 3 - LA

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Lord, help me to be like young David, who willing to fight for a cause, went to battle the giant Goliath with no thought of question or pause.

### Verse 2

When his brothers all turned against him, and King Saul declared him unknown; determined he took up his weapons: no sword, just a sling and smooth stones. "I come in the name of the Lord of hosts! The armies of God you defy! This day will the Lord give you into my hand!" The battlefield words loudly cried.


### Verse 3

The stone thrown in faith from the simple sling from the man "after God's own heart" proved there is a God in Israel; The battle was Yours from the start.  "I come in the name of the Lord of hosts! The armies of God you defy! This day will the Lord give you into my hand!" These battle field words I will cry!

### Verse 4

The stone thrown in faith from my simple sling like the man "after God's own heart" proves You are the God of Israel; The battle is Yours from the start.



## Scriptures

- [Acts 13:22](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Acts%2013%3A22)

## Topics

- God
- Faith/ Believe
- Faithfulness/Loyalty
- Heart

## Stakeholders

- Conner, Carol Joy (Lyricist)
- Conner, Carol Joy (Composer)
- Conner, Jay (Composer)
- Conner, Carol Joy (Copyright Holder)
- Conner, Jay (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2020 by Jay anc Carol Joy Conner. P.O. Box 1276,
Morehead City, NC 28557. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R.J.Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5: 19; Colossians 3: 16

