# 21515 - SING OF GOD MADE MANIFEST

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Sing of God made manifest In a child robust and blest, To whose home in Bethlehem, Where a star had guided them, Magi came and gifts unbound, Signs mysterious and profound: Myrrh and frankincense and gold Grave and God and king foretold.

### Verse 2

Sing of God made manifest When at Jordan John confessed, "I should be baptized by You, But Your bidding I will do." Then from heav'n a double sign— Dovelike Spirit, voice divine— Hailed the true Anointed One: "This is My beloved Son."

### Verse 3

Sing of God made manifest When Christ came as wedding guest And at Cana gave a sign, Turning water into wine; Further still was love revealed As He taught, forgave, and healed, Bringing light and life to all Who would listen to God's call.

### Verse 4

Sing of God made manifest On the cloudcapped mountain's crest, Where the Law and Prophets waned So that Christ alone remained: Glmpse of glory, pledge of grace, Giv'n as Jesus set His face T'ward the waiting cross and grave, Sign of hope that God would save.


## Scriptures

### John 1:14

- [John 1:14](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%201%3A14)


## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Life/Ministry
- Cross

## Stakeholders

- Hintze, Jakob  (Composer)
- Daw, Carl P.   Jr. (Lyricist)
- Bach, Johann Sebastian (Arranger)
- Hope Publishing Co. (Copyright Holder)
- SALZBURG (Composer)

## Copyright

Words © Copyright 1988 by Hope Publishing Co., Carol Stream, IL 60188. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
Copyright Agreement has been made with RJStevensMusic, LLC

## Disclaimers

License required through CCLI, OneLicense, Easy Licensing, or other licensing company for copyright compliance.
Permission to make a limited number of copies
For additional copies contact the copyright owner

