# 21522 - NAME OF ALL MAJESTY

## Notation

C - 4/4 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Name of all majesty, Fathomless mystery, King of the ages by angels adored; Pow'r and authority, Splendor and dignity Bow to His mastery— Jesus is Lord!



### Verse 2

Child of our destiny, God from eternity, Love of the Father on sinners outpoured; See now what God has done, Sending His only Son, Christ the beloved One— Jesus is Lord!

### Verse 3

Savior of Calvary, Costliest victory, Darkness defeated and Eden restored; Born as a man to die, Nailed to a cross on high, Cold in the grave to lie— Jesus is Lord!

### Verse 4

Source of all sov'reignty, Light, immortality, Life everlasting and heaven assured; So with the ransomed, we Praise Him eternally, Christ in His majesty— Jesus is Lord!


## Scriptures

### Exodus 15:11

- [Exodus 15:11](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Exodus%2015%3A11)


## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Kingship/Lordship
- Christ - Savior

## Stakeholders

- MAJESTAS (Composer)
- Baughen, Michael  (Composer)
- Tredinnick, Noel (Arranger)
- Dudley-Smith, Timothy (Lyricist)
- Hope Publishing Co. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Words © Copyright 1984 by Hope Publishing Co., Carol Stream, IL 60188.
All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
Copyright Agreement – License Requirements

## Disclaimers

License required through CCLI, OneLicense, Easy Licensing, or other licensing company for copyright compliance
Copies permitted up to limit of license (usually # in congregation)
Must report usage and additional copies with your licensing company

