# 21525 - JESUS, ON THE MOUNTAIN PEAK

## Notation

Bb - 2/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Jesus, on the mountain peak, Stands alone in glory blazing; Let us, if we dare to speak, With the saints and angels praise Him: Alleluia!

### Verse 2

Trembling at His feet, we saw Moses and Elijah speaking. All the prophets and the law Shout thru them their joyful greeting: Alleluia!

### Verse 3

Swift the cloud of glory came, God proclaiming in its thunder Jesus as His Son by name! Nations, cry aloud in wonder: Alleluia!

### Verse 4

This is God's beloved Son: Law and prophets fade before Him; First and last, the only One, Let creation now adore Him: Alleluia!

### Verse 5

 Jesus is the chosen One, Living hope of every nation. Hear and heed Him, everyone; Sing with earth and all creation: Alleluia!


## Scriptures

- [Revelation 21:6](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%2021%3A6)

## Topics

- Christ
- Hope
- Praise/Adoration
- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- Wren, Brian A.  (Lyricist)
- Hope Publishing Co. (Copyright Holder)
- ST. ALBINUS (Composer)
- Gauntlett, Henry J. (Composer)

## Copyright

Words © Copyright 1977, 1995 by Hope Publishing Co., Carol Stream, IL 60188. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
Copyright – License Requirements

## Disclaimers

License required through CCLI, OneLicense, Easy Licensing, or other licensing company for copyright compliance
Copies permitted up to limit of license 
Must report usage and additional copies with your licensing company

