# 21523 - ALL WHO LOVE AND SERVE YOUR CITY

## Notation

Ab - 3/4 on 3 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

All who love and serve your city, All who hear its daily stress, All who cry for peace and justice, All who curse and all who bless. In your day of loss and sorrow, In your day of helpless strife, Honor, peace, and love retreating, Seek the Lord, who is your life.

### Verse 2

In your day of wealth and plenty, Wasted work and wasted play, Call to mind the word of Jesus, "Work ye yet while it is day." For all days are days of judgment, And the Lord is waiting still, Drawing near to all who spurn Him, Off'ring peace from Calv'ry's hill. Risen Lord, shall yet the city Be the city of despair? Come today, our Judge, our Glory; Be its name, "The LORD is there!"


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 90:12](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2090%3A12)

## Topics

- Christ
- Christian Life
- Work And Service

## Stakeholders

- Routley, Erik  (Lyricist)
- Stainer & Bell, Ltd. (Copyright Holder)
- Hope Publishing Co. (Copyright Manager)
- CALON LÂN (Composer)
- Hughes, John (Composer)

## Copyright

Words © Copyright 1969 by Stainer & Bell, Ltd. 
(Admin. Hope Publishing Co., Carol Stream, IL 60188)
All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
Copyright Agreement – License Requirements

## Disclaimers

License required through CCLI, OneLicense, Easy Licensing, or other licensing company for copyright compliance
Copies permitted up to limit of license (usually # in congregation)
Must report usage and additional copies with your licensing company

