# 21535 - GOD'S HOLY WAYS ARE JUST AND TRUE

## Notation

Eb - 3/4 on 3 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

1. God's holy ways are just and true; His promises are ever new. O praise Him, Alleluia! Let every heart with praises sing And make this house with voices ring: O praise Him, O praise Him! Alleluia! Alleluia! Alleluia!

2. Bring back to mind His grace and love, Our needs provided from above. O praise Him, Alleluia! He kept His word, and Jesus came To make a people for His name. 



3. Tell once again His deeds of old, The story of our mighty God. O praise Him, Alleluia! For all His glorious works and ways We shall rejoice thru endless days.





















God's holy ways are just and true; His promises are ever new. O praise Him, Alleluia! Let every heart with praises sing And make this house with voices ring: Him, O praise O praise  Him! Alleluia! Alleluia! Alleluia! 


### Verse 2

Bring back to mind His grace and love, Our needs provided from above. O praise Him, Alleluia! He kept His word, and Jesus came To make a people for His name. O praise O praise  Him! Alleluia! Alleluia! Alleluia! 

### Verse 3

Tell once again His deeds of old, The story of our mighty God. O praise Him, Alleluia! For all His glorious works and ways We shall rejoice thru endless days. O praise O praise  Him! Alleluia! Alleluia! Alleluia!  


## Scriptures

- [Revelation 16:7](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%2016%3A7)

## Topics

- God - Ruler/King
- Love - Of God
- Praise/Adoration
- Praise/Adoration - Of God
- Promises Of God

## Stakeholders

- Woollett, Barbara  (Lyricist)
- The Jubilate Group (Copyright Holder)
- Hope Publishing Co. (Copyright Manager)
- LASST UNS ERFREUEN (Composer)
- Brachel's Geistliche Kirchengesang (Composer)
- Williams, Ralph Vaughan (Composer)

## Copyright

Words © Copyright 1990 by The Jubilate Group. (Admin. by Hope Publishing Co., Carol Stream, IL 60188.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
Copyright – License Required

## Disclaimers

License required through CCLI, OneLicense, Easy Licensing, or other licensing company for copyright compliance
Copies permitted up to limit of license 
Must report usage and additional copies with your licensing company

