# 21533 - HOW SURE THE SCRIPTURES ARE

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

How sure the scriptures are! God's vital, urgent word, As true as steel, and far More sharp than any sword: So deep and fine, At His command They pierce where soul and spirit join, They pierce where soul and spirit join.

### Verse 2

They test each human tho't, Refining like a fire; They measure what we ought To do and to desire: For God knows all— Exposed it lies Before His eyes to whom we call, Before His eyes to whom we call.

### Verse 3

Let those who hear His voice Confronting them today, Reject the tempting choice Of doubting or delay: For God speaks still— His word is clear, So let us hear and do His will, So let us hear and do His will!



## Scriptures

### Psalm 119:89

- [Psalm 119:89](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20119%3A89)


## Topics

- Obedience
- Scripture Songs
- Word Of God/Bible

## Stakeholders

- Idle, Christopher (Lyricist)
- The Jubilate Group (Copyright Holder)
- Hope Publishing Co. (Copyright Manager)
- RHOSYMEDRE (Composer)
- Edwards, John D.   (Composer)

## Copyright

Words © Copyright 1982 by The Jubilate Group.
(Admin. by Hope Publishing Co.)
All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
Copyright – License Required

## Disclaimers

License required through CCLI, OneLicense, Easy Licensing, or other licensing company for copyright compliance
Copies permitted up to limit of license 
Must report usage and additional copies with your licensing company

