# 21534 - TELL OUT, MY SOUL

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Tell out, my soul, the greatness of the LORD! Unnumbered blessings give my spirit voice; Tender to me the promise of His word; In God my Savior shall my heart rejoice.

### Verse 2

Tell out, my soul, the greatness of His name! Make known His might, the deeds His arm has done; His mercy sure, from age to age the same; His holy name, the LORD, the Mighty One.


### Verse 3

Tell out, my soul, the greatness of His might! Pow'rs and dominions lay their glory by; Proud hearts and stubborn wills are put to flight, The hungry fed, the humble lifted high.

### Verse 4

Tell out, my soul, the glories of His word! Firm is His promise, and His mercy sure. Tell out, my soul, the greatness of the LORD To children's children and forevermore!



## Scriptures

- [Luke 1:49](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Luke%201%3A49)

## Topics

- Christ
- Praise/Adoration
- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- The Song of Mary (Lyricist)
- Luke 1:46-55 (Lyricist)
- Dudley-Smith, Timothy (Lyricist)
- Hope Publishing Co. (Copyright Holder)
- WOODLANDS (Composer)
- Greatorex, Walter  (Composer)

## Copyright

Words © Copyright 1962, renewal 2020 by Hope Publishing Co., Carol Stream, IL 60188. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
Copyright – License Required

## Disclaimers

License required through CCLI, OneLicense, Easy Licensing, or other licensing company for copyright compliance
Copies permitted up to limit of license 
Must report usage and additional copies with your licensing company

