# 21542 - AS SONS OF THE DAY AND DAUGHTERS OF LIGHT

## Notation

G - 3/4 on 3 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

As sons of the day and daughters of light, No longer we sleep like creatures of night, For Jesus has died that with Him we may live; By all He has given we learn how to give.





As sons of the day and daughters of light, No longer we sleep like creatures of night, For Jesus has died that with Him we may live; By all He has given we learn how to give.

### Verse 2

One body in Christ, let all play their part: The lazy be warned, the timid take heart; Let those who are hurt never pay back with wrong, But serve one another: together be strong!

### Verse 3

Be constant in prayer, at all times rejoice, In all things give thanks— let God hear your voice! Alive to the Spirit, alert to the word, Test all things, and hold to what pleases the Lord.

### Verse 4

May God who first called, gave peace and made whole, Preserve us from fault in body and soul; Our Lord Jesus Christ keep us firm in His grace Until at His coming we meet face to face.


## Scriptures

### Ephesians 5:8

- [Ephesians 5:8](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Ephesians%205%3A8)


## Topics

- Christ - Light
- Christlikeness/Godly Living
- Church

## Stakeholders

- Idle, Christopher (Lyricist)
- The Jubilate Group (Copyright Holder)
- Hope Publishing Co. (Copyright Manager)
- HANOVER (Composer)
- Croft, William (Composer)

## Copyright

Words © Copyright 1982 by the Jubilate Group, (Admin.by Hope Publishing Co., Carol Stream, IL 60188.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
Copyright – License Required

## Disclaimers

License required through CCLI, OneLicense, Easy Licensing, or other licensing company for copyright compliance
Copies permitted up to limit of license 
Must report usage and additional copies with your licensing company

