# 21543 - THE WORKS OF THE LORD ARE CREATED

## Notation

D - 3/4 on 3 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

The works of the LORD are created in wisdom! We view the earth's wonders and call Him to mind; We hear what He says in the world we discover, And God shows His glory in all that we find.





### Verse 2

No even the angels have ever been granted To tell the full story of nature and grace; But open to God is all human perception, The mysteries of time and the secrets of space.

### Verse 3

The sun every morning lights up all creation; The moon marks the rhythm of months in their turn; The glittering stars are arrayed in His honor, Adorning the years as they ceaselessly burn.

### Verse 4

The wind is His breath and the clouds are His signal; The rain and the snow are the robes of His choice; The storm and the lightning, His watchmen and heralds; The crash of the thunder, the sound of His voice.

### Verse 5

The song is unfinished; how shall we complete it, And where find the skill to perfect all God's praise? At work in all places, He cares for all peoples. How great is the LORD to the end of all days!


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 8:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%208%3A1)

## Topics

- Creation
- Creation - Things Created

## Stakeholders

- Psalm 8 (Lyricist)
- Psalm 19:1-6 (Lyricist)
- The Jubilate Group (Copyright Holder)
- Hope Publishing Co. (Copyright Manager)
- Idle, Christopher (Lyricist)
- KREMSER (Composer)
- Valerius' Collection (Composer)
- Kremser, E. (Arranger)

## Copyright

Words © Copyright 1982 by the Jubilate Group, (Admin.by Hope Publishing Co., Carol Stream, IL 60188.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
Copyright – License Required

## Disclaimers

License required through CCLI, OneLicense, Easy Licensing, or other licensing company for copyright compliance
Copies permitted up to limit of license 
Must report usage and additional copies with your licensing company

