# 21553 - WE COME AS GUESTS INVITED

## Notation

A - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

We come as guests invited When Jesus bids us dine, His friends on earth united To share the bread and wine. The bread of life is broken, The wine is freely poured For us, in solemn token of Christ our dying Lord.















### Verse 2

We eat and drink, receiving From Christ the grace we need, And in our hearts believing, On Him by faith we feed; With wonder and thanksgiving For love that knows no end, We find in Jesus living Our everpresent friend.

### Verse 3

One bread is ours for sharing, One single fruitful vine, Our fellowship declaring Renewed in bread and wine: Renewed, sustained and given By token, sign and word, The pledge and seal of heaven, The love of Christ our Lord.


## Scriptures

- [Mark 14:22](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Mark%2014%3A22)

## Topics

- Lord's Supper
- Lord's Supper - Observance
- Lord's Supper - Remembrance

## Stakeholders

- Dudley-Smith, Timothy (Lyricist)
- Hope Publishing Co. (Copyright Holder)
- WIE LIEBLICH IST DER MAIEN (Composer)
- Steurlein, Johann (Composer)

## Copyright

Words © Copyright 1984  by Hope Publishing Co., Carol Stream, IL 60188. 
All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
Copyright – License Required

## Disclaimers

License required through CCLI, OneLicense, Easy Licensing, or other licensing company for copyright compliance
Copies permitted up to limit of license 
Must report usage and additional copies with your licensing company

