# 21551 - OUR GOD IS A WARRIOR

## Notation

E - 4/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Stand. Do not fear. Stand and see the salvation of  the Lord. Our God is a Mighty  Warrior. Be silent, He will fight for you. He has shattered His enemies, all those who rose against Him. He will bring you to His mountain, to His holy habitation,  bringing you to Himself for He has purchased and redeemed you. deemed you. 

### Verse 2

Our God is a Mighty  Warrior. Thru Christ He culminates His reign. He has cast out the evil one, all those who rose against Him. We are made to be His temple as His holy habitation,  bringing us to Himself for He has purchased and redeemed us. 

### Verse 3

Our God is a Mighty  Warrior. He fights thru us, and gives us aid, For we battle the pow'rs, the rulers,  all who rise against Him. He will bring us to His presence, to His holy habitation, bringing us to Himself for He has purchased and redeemed us. 

### Verse 4

Our God is a Mighty  Warrior.  The Lamb, the Faithful wages war on His white horse, He conquers all the ones who rise against Him. He will bring us to Mt. Zion, to His holy New Jerusalem, bringing us to Himself for He has purchased and redeemed us. So we sing the song of Moses and the Lamb. Amen, Praise our God. 

 Amen and 

Our God is a Warrior.


## Scriptures

### Exodus 15:3

- [Exodus 15:3](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Exodus%2015%3A3)


## Topics

- God
- Victory/Overcoming
- Redemption

## Stakeholders

- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Lyricist)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Composer)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2010 by Glenda Barnhart Schales. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R.J.Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5: 19; Colossians 3: 16

