# 21578 - BACK TO BETHEL

## Notation

D - 6/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Back to the Bible, the true living word, Sweetest old story that ever was heard; Back to the joylife my soul longs to know, Bethel is calling, and I must go.

### Verse 2

Back to the beautiful path I once trod, Back to the church and the people of God; Out of the cold world of sin and its woe, Bethel is calling, and I must go.

### Verse 3

Back to the giving of money and time, Back to the life of contentment sublime, Back to protection the world cannot know, Bethel is calling, and I must go.


### Verse 4

Back to the prayerlife in Christ I once knew, Back to its beautiful lifecleansing dew, Back to help others to conquer each foe, Bethel is calling, and I must go.

### Chorus

Back to Bethel I must go, Back where the rivers of sweet waters flow, Back to the true life my soul longs to know, Bethel is calling, and I must go.


## Scriptures

### Genesis 13:3

- [Genesis 13:3](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Genesis%2013%3A3)


## Topics

- Bible
- Christian Life
- Renewal/Revival
- Renewal/Revival - Of Believers
- Word Of God/Bible

## Stakeholders

- McKinney, B. B. (Composer)
- McKinney, B. B. (Lyricist)
- Broadman Press (Copyright Holder)
- Music Services Inc. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1931. Renewal 1959 by Broadman Press. Admin.by Music Services Inc. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
Copyright – License Required

## Disclaimers

License required through CCLI, OneLicense, Easy Licensing, or other licensing company for copyright compliance
Copies permitted up to limit of license 
Must report usage and additional copies with your licensing company

