# 21589 - JESUS, STRONG AND KIND

## Notation

Db - 4/4 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Jesus said that if I thirst, I should come to Him. No one else can satisfy. I should come to Him. Jesus said if I am weak, I should come to Him. No one else can be my strength. I should come to Him.
Jesus said that if I fear, I should come to Him. No one else can be my shield, I should come to Him



 






### Verse 2

Jesus said that if I fear, I should come to Him. No one else can be my shield, I should come to Him. For the Lord is good and faithful. He will keep us day and night. We can always run to Jesus. Jesus, strong and kind.

### Verse 3

Jesus said if I am lost, He will come to me. And He showed me on that cross, He will come to me. For the Lord is good and faithful. He will keep us day and night. We can always run to Jesus. Jesus, strong and kind. Jesus said that if I thirst, I should come to Him. No one else can satisfy. I should come to Him.


## Scriptures

### Matthew 11:28

- [Matthew 11:28](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%2011%3A28)


## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Friend/Helper
- Christ - Comforter
- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ

## Stakeholders

- Elk, Collin  (Arranger)
- Bulls, D. J. (Arranger)
- CityAlight Music (Copyright Holder)
- Buchanan, Colin  (Lyricist)
- Farren, Michael (Lyricist)
- Robinson, Jonny (Lyricist)
- Buchanan, Colin  (Composer)
- Farren, Michael (Composer)
- Robinson, Jonny (Composer)
- Thompson, Rich  (Composer)
- Thompson, Rich  (Lyricist)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2019 by CityAlight Music. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
License required through CCLI, OneLicense, Easy Licensing, or other licensing company for copyright compliance.

## Disclaimers

Copies permitted up to limit of license. 
Must report usage and additional copies with your licensing company

