# 21582 - THE LIGHTHOUSE

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

There's a lighthouse on the hillside that overlooks life's sea. When I'm tossed it sends out a light, that I might see; And the light that shines in darkness, now will safely lead us o'er. If it wasn't for the lighthouse, my ship would be no more. 

### Verse 2

Ev'rybody that lives about us says, tear that lighthouse down, the big ships don't sail this way anymore, there's no use of it standing 'round; Then my mind goes back to that stormy night, when just in time I saw the light, yes, the light from that old lighthouse that stands up there on the hill.

### Chorus

And I thank God for the lighthouse; I owe my life to Him. For Jesus is the lighthouse, and from the rocks of sin He has shone a light around me that I could clearly see. If it wasn't for that lighthouse, where would this ship be?


## Scriptures

- [John 1:9](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%201%3A9)

## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Light
- Redemption
- Salvation

## Stakeholders

- Hinson, Ronny  (Composer)
- Hinson, Ronny  (Lyricist)
- Dayspring Music, LLC (Copyright Holder)
- Warner-Chappell (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1971 by Dayspring Music. Admin. by Warner-Chappell. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
Copyright – License Required.

## Disclaimers

License required through CCLI, OneLicense, Easy Licensing, or other licensing company for copyright compliance.
Copies permitted up to limit of license. 
Must report usage and additional copies with your licensing company.

