# 21583 - IN TIMES LIKE THESE

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 2 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

In times like these you need a Savior, in times like these you need an anchor; Be very sure, be very sure your anchor holds and grips the solid Rock! This Rock is Jesus, yes, He's the One; this Rock is Jesus, the only One! Be very sure, be very sure your anchor holds and grips the Solid Rock!


### Verse 2

In times like these you need the Bible, in times like these, O, be not idle; Be very sure, be very sure your anchor holds and grips the solid Rock! This Rock is Jesus, yes, He's the One; this Rock is Jesus, the only One! Be very sure, be very sure your anchor holds and grips the Solid Rock!


### Verse 3

In times like these I have a Savior, in times like these I have an anchor, I'm very sure, I'm very sure my anchor holds and grips the solid Rock! This Rock is Jesus, yes, He's the One; this Rock is Jesus, the only One! Be very sure, be very sure your anchor holds and grips the Solid Rock!


## Scriptures

- [Hebrews 6:19](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Hebrews%206%3A19)

## Topics

- Bible
- Christ
- Christ - Rock/Refuge
- Christ - Savior

## Stakeholders

- Jones, Ruth Caye   (Composer)
- Jones, Ruth Caye   (Lyricist)
- New Spring (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1944 by New Spring. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
Copyright – License Required.

## Disclaimers

License required through CCLI, OneLicense, Easy Licensing, or other licensing company for copyright compliance.
Copies permitted up to limit of license. 
Must report usage and additional copies with your licensing company.

