# 21584 - AWAKENING CHORUS

## Notation

C - 2/4 on 2+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Awake! awake! and sing the blessed story; Awake! awake! and let your song of praise arise; Awake! awake! the earth is full of glory, And light is beaming from the radiant skies; The rocks and rills, the vales and hills resound with gladness, All nature joins to sing the triumph song. 
















### Verse 2

Ring out! ring out! O bells of joy and gladness; Repeat, repeat, anew the story o'er again, Till all the earth shall lose its weight of sadness, And shout anew the glorious refrain; Ye angels in the heights, sing of the great Redeemer, Who saves us from the pow'r of sin and death.

### Chorus

The Lord Jehovah reigns and sin is backward hurled! Rejoice! rejoice! lift heart and voice, Jehovah reigns! Proclaim His sov'reign pow'r to all the world, And let His glorious banner be unfurled! Jehovah reigns! Rejoice! rejoice! rejoice! Jehovah reigns! sin is backward hurled! Rejoice! rejoice! lift heart and voice, Jehovah pow'r to all the world, And let His grand and glorious banner be unfurled! Jehovah reigns! Jehovah reigns! Rejoice! rejoice! rejoice!


## Scriptures

### Psalm 57:8

- [Psalm 57:8](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2057%3A8)


## Topics

- Praise/Adoration
- Praise/Adoration - Of Father
- Joy/Rejoicing

## Stakeholders

- Gabriel, Charles H. (Composer)
- Public Domain (Copyright Holder)
- Gabriel, Charles H. (Lyricist)

## Copyright

Public Domain
(This hymn is free to use)

## Disclaimers

None

