# 21581 - MORE FAITH IN THEE

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Sometimes I feel discouraged, Even tho' I know you're by my side. (by my side) When the toils of life seem overwhelming, Grant me peace to be content in Thee! (con-tent in Thee!)


### Verse 2

More faith in Thee I'm seeking, Just to see and know that you are near. (You are near) Satan's grip seems stronger now than ever, Grant me strength to foil the tempter's snare! (the tempt-er's snare)


### Verse 3

Looking to Thee I'm stronger, Than I am when trying on my own. (on my own) Lead me on to look to where I'm going, "Land of Rest", my shelter from the storm!  (the rag-ing storm!) 



### Chorus

In those times when my feet begin to falter, And I fear I'm losing all the ground I have gained, Help me Lord, to know that Thou art with me, O, Father teach me to have more faith in Thee! (more faith in Thee!)



## Scriptures

### Ephesians 2:8

- [Ephesians 2:8](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Ephesians%202%3A8)


## Topics

- Faith/ Believe
- Grace
- Christ - Teacher
- Warfare - Spiritual

## Stakeholders

- Hoffman, D. Douglas (Composer)
- Hoffman, D. Douglas (Lyricist)
- Hoffman, D. Douglas (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1996 by D. Douglas Hoffman.   All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

