# 21592 - STAND LIKE THE BRAVE

## Notation

G - 3/4 on 3 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

O, Christian, awake! for the strife is at hand, With helmet and shield, and a sword in thy hand; To meet the bold tempter, go, fearlessly go! And stand like the brave with thy face to the foe.



### Verse 2

Whatever thy danger, take heed and beware, And turn not thy back, for no armor is there; The legions of darkness, if thou wouldst o'erthrow, Then stand like the brave and thy face to the foe.


### Verse 3

The cause of thy Master, with vigor defend, Be watchful, be zealous, and fight to the end; Wherever He leads thee, go, valiantly go, And stand like the brave and thy face to the foe.
 

### Verse 4

Press on, never doubting, thy captain is near, With grace to supply, and with comfort to cheer; His love, like a stream, in the desert will flow, Then stand like the brave with thy face to the foe.




### Chorus

Stand like the brave, Stand like the brave, Stand like the brave with thy face to the foe. Stand like the brave, Stand like the brave, Stand like the brave with thy face to the foe.


## Scriptures

### Romans 13:11

- [Romans 13:11](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans%2013%3A11)


## Topics

- Exhortation/Admonition
- Encouragement
- Faithfulness/Loyalty - Of Believer
- Victory/Overcoming

## Stakeholders

- William Bradbury (Composer)
- Phillips, Philip (Composer)
- Crosby, Fanny J. (Lyricist)

## Copyright

Public Domain
(This hymn is free to use)

## Disclaimers

None

