# 21595 - HE RANSOMED ME

## Notation

Ab - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

There's a sweet and blessed story Of the Christ who came from glory, Just to rescue me from sin and misery; He in lovingkindness sought me, And from sin and shame hath bro't me, Hallelujah! Jesus ransomed me.

### Verse 2

From the depth of sin and sadness To the heights of joy and gladness Jesus lifted me, in mercy full and free;With His precious blood He bought me, When I knew Him not, he sought me, And in love divine He ransomed me. 


### Verse 3

From the throne of heav'nly glory– O, the sweet and blessed story! Jesus came to lift the lost in sin and woe Into liberty allglorious, Trophies of His grace victorious, Evermore rejoicing here below.


### Verse 4

By and by, with joy increasing, And with gratitude unceasing, Lifted up with Christ forevermore to be, I will join the hosts there singing, In the anthem ever ringing, To the King of love who ransomed me.


### Chorus

Hallelujah! What a Savior, Who can take a poor lost sinner, Lift him from the miry clay and set him free! I will ever tell the story, Shouting Glory, glory, glory, Hallelujah! Jesus lifted me.



## Scriptures

### Matthew 21:20

- [Matthew 21:20](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%2021%3A20)


## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Sacrifice
- Grace
- Joy/Rejoicing
- Praise/Adoration

## Stakeholders

- J. W. Henderson (Composer)
- Public Domain (Copyright Holder)
- Johnston, Julia H. (Arranger)

## Copyright

Public Domain
(This hymn is free to use)

## Disclaimers

None

