# 21607 - CHRIST IS ALIVE

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Christ is alive! Let Christians sing. The cross stands empty to the sky. Let streets and homes with praises ring. Love, drowned in death, shall never die.



### Verse 2

Christ is alive! No longer bound To distant years in Palestine, But saving, healing here and now, And touching every place and time.



### Verse 3

Not throned afar, remotely high, Untouched, unmoved by human pains, But daily, in the midst of life, Our risen Savior lives and reigns.


### Verse 4

In every insult, rift, and war, Where color, scorn or wealth divide, Christ suffers still, yet loves the more, And lives, where even hope has died.



### Verse 5

Christ is alive, and comes to bring Good news to this and every age, Till earth and sky and ocean ring With joy, with justice, love, and praise.


## Scriptures

- [Mark 16:19](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Mark%2016%3A19)

## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Deity/Immanuel
- Christ - Kingship/Lordship
- Christ - Savior

## Stakeholders

- Wren, Brian A.  (Lyricist)
- TRURO (Composer)
- Hope Publishing Co. (Copyright Holder)
- Williams' Psalmodia Evangelica (Composer)

## Copyright

Words © Copyright 1971, Rev. 1995 by Hope Publishing Co., Carol Stream, IL 60188. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
Copyright – License Required.

## Disclaimers

License required through CCLI, OneLicense, Easy Licensing, or other licensing company for copyright compliance.
Copies permitted up to limit of license. 
Must report usage and additional copies with your licensing company.

