# 21611 - I COME WITH JOY

## Notation

G - 6/8 on 6 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

I come with joy, a child of God, Forgiven, loved and free, The life of Jesus to recall In love laid down for me, In love laid down for me.



### Verse 2

I come with Christians far and near To find, as all are fed, The new community of love In Christ's communion bread, In Christ's communion bread.



### Verse 3

As Christ breaks bread, and bids us share, Each proud division ends. The love that made us, makes us one, And strangers now are friends, And strangers now are friends.



### Verse 4

Together met, together bound, By all that God has done; We'll go with joy, to give the world The love that makes us one, The love that makes us one.


## Scriptures

- [I Corinthians 10:16](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Corinthians%2010%3A16)

## Topics

- Child Of God
- Christ - Sacrifice
- Lord's Supper - Remembrance
- Joy/Rejoicing
- Love - Brotherly

## Stakeholders

- Wren, Brian A.  (Lyricist)
- Hope Publishing Co. (Copyright Holder)
- Greene, Michael R. (Arranger)
- DOVE OF PEACE (Composer)
- Walker's Southern Harmony (Composer)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1971, 1995 by Hope Publishing Co., Carol Stream, IL 60188.
All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
Copyright – License Required.

## Disclaimers

License required through CCLI, OneLicense, Easy Licensing, or other licensing company for copyright compliance.
Copies permitted up to limit of license. 
Must report usage and additional copies with your licensing company.

