# 21626 - GREATER IS HE WHO IS IN YOU

## Notation

F - 6/8 on 6 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

"Greater is He who is in you, Than he who is in the world," Greater the treasure within you, Than any diamond or pearl. Richer the soul and stronger the heart, Grander the ending of life than the start. Greater is He who is in you.



### Verse 2

Greater the love of the Father, Deeper the love of the Son, Dying for those who despised Him, Jesus, the Crucified One. Bearing our sins and paying the price; Justice required, a pure sacrifice. Greater is He who is in you.


### Verse 3

Greater the hope of salvation, Living in heavenly light. Walking in daily devotion, Seeking to do what is right. Clearer the conscience, cleaner the soul; Higher the purpose and nobler the goal. Greater is He who is in you!


## Scriptures

### I John 4:4

- [I John 4:4](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20John%204%3A4)


## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Sacrifice
- Christian Life
- Indwelling - Of Christ
- Walking With God

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)
- Alexander, Don M. (Lyricist)
- Alexander, Don M. (Composer)
- Alexander, Don M. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2008 by Don Alexander. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

