# 21622A - JESUS TRIUMPHANT

## Notation

D - 6/8 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Jesus triumphant when the stormclouds break, And the loud thunder bids the soul awake; When biting blasts lay earthly projects low, And one by one the fondest treasures go.

### Verse 2

Jesus triumphant, thru the fleeting years; Jesus triumphant, spite of blinding tears; High over all, to hear Thy loving voice, Which bids the heart look upward and rejoice.

### Verse 3

Jesus triumphant, when in work for Thee, Sad and disheartened, no results we see; When gathered force of evil seems to win, And work for Christ seems lost in work of sin.

### Verse 4

Jesus triumphant all along the line; Triumphant Savior, all Thy triumph mine; For since I am a partner in Thy love, My life on earth is lived thru Thee above.

### Verse 5

Jesus triumphant as I fall asleep, No fear of death to those whom Thou shalt keep; Jesus triumplant when the body dies, And earth in earth, all that is mortal lies.

### Verse 6

Jesus triumphant when the spirit wings Onward and upward to the King of kings; And thru the last great triumph of Thy grace Triumphant saints shall see Thee face to face.


## Scriptures

### Psalm 98:2

- [Psalm 98:2](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2098%3A2)


## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Kingship/Lordship
- Discipleship
- Work And Service

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, Jady (Arranger)
- Butler-Stoney, C.  (Lyricist)
- Public Domain (Copyright Holder)
- Frank Pincott (Composer)

## Copyright

Arr. © Copyright 2021 by Jady Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(This hymn is free to use)

## Disclaimers

None

