# 21629 - COME AND EXALT HIM

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Bring your praise, honor and praise, unto Christ, who has triumphed over death; Let your joy reecho to His throne high above, where He now reigns, mighty to save, forever; 
Bring your praise ye saints! Hon-or and song and praise  




 







### Verse 2

Praise His works! Tell of His deeds for He bought you redemption through His blood; All your sins are buried; you are sinless and free, chosen a pure people of God forever;
Praise His works and ways! Tell of His might-y deeds 



### Verse 3

Hear His word! Trust in His oath for in splendor and light He will return; With a shout and trumpet, He will waken His own, and you shall be raised into life forever;
Hear His word and live! Trust in His change-less oath 



### Chorus

In awe, sing, "Wisdom and might, blessing and praise to Jesus who is
"Praise Christ our Lord! Glory to God's own Son, Rock of our salvation In awe, come and exalt Him as your King!"


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 99:9](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2099%3A9)

## Topics

- Praise/Adoration
- Praise/Adoration - Of Christ
- Christ - Kingship/Lordship
- Christ - Redeemer
- Christ - Word/Way

## Stakeholders

- Bassford, Matthew W. (Lyricist)
- Tyer, Michael  (Copyright Holder)
- Tyer, Michael  (Composer)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2001 by Michael Tyer. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

