# 21634 - A COVENANT OF PEACE

## Notation

Eb - 3/4 on 3 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

God, who gave to us the land, Think of Ephraim, Your son. Take up Judah in Your hand. By Your promise, make them one. You have made us know our sin, Fed us with the bread of tears. Where You scattered, gather in. Dwell with us in coming years.

### Verse 2

Son of David, Prince of peace, Shepherd of all Israel, Make our wars and bondage cease.
Bind our wounds, and make us well. From the rising of the sun, To its setting in the west,
Lord of Sabbath, make us one. Give Your servants Sabbath rest.

### Verse 3

Let the happy praises swell From the river to the shore. Let our children's children dwell In Your peace  forevermore. Plant us firmly in the land. Make our numbers there increase. Shepherd, lead us by Your hand, In a covenant of peace.


## Scriptures

### Ezekiel 37:26

- [Ezekiel 37:26](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Ezekiel%2037%3A26)


## Topics

- God
- Peace
- Promises Of God
- Shepherd

## Stakeholders

- Harber, Matthew L. (Composer)
- COPELAND (Composer)
- Olson, Zachary D. (Copyright Holder)
- Olson, Zachary D. (Lyricist)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2020 by  Zachary Olson. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R.J.Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5: 19; Colossians 3: 16

