# 21636 - PREPARE THE ROYAL DAUGHTER

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

1. Prepare the royal daughter!
For her, the Lamb was slain.
He cleansed, by word and water,
Her every spot and stain.
In righteous deeds, attire her,
In linens pure and bright,
That now He may desire her,
And fill her ways with light. dismayed. 

2. O, may these eyes behold her,
Descending from above,
As visions have foretold her,
Adorned to meet her Love.
From God to new creation,
From heaven, she descends!
Receiving every nation,
In peace that never ends. 

3. No death, no pain, no grieving;
The former things have passed.
For this she hoped, believing;
Her joy has come at last.
The Lamb, her consolation,
Has wiped her tears away.
She is His habitation;
He is her endless day. 

4. In songs of exultation,
In quietness of love,
He whispers adoration,
"My perfect one, my dove."
Beside the living water,
Beneath the tree of life,
The Lamb and royal daughter,
Made one, as man and wife. 










Prepare the royal daughter! For her, the Lamb was slain. He cleansed, by word and water,Her every spot and stain.In righteous deeds, attire her, In linens pure and bright, That now He may desire her, And fill her ways with light.



### Verse 2

O, may these eyes behold her, Descending from above, As visions have foretold her, Adorned to meet her Love. From God to new creation, From heaven, she descends! Receiving every nation, In peace that never ends.



### Verse 3

No death, no pain, no grieving; The former things have passed. For this she hoped, believing; Her joy has come at last. The Lamb, her consolation, Has wiped her tears away. She is His habitation; He is her endless day.



### Verse 4

In songs of exultation,In quietness of love, He whispers adoration, My perfect one, my dove." Beside the living water, Beneath the tree of life, The Lamb and royal daughter, Made one, as man and wife. 




## Scriptures

### Revelation 19:7

- [Revelation 19:7](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%2019%3A7)


## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Lamb Of God
- Church
- Baptism

## Stakeholders

- Olson, Zachary D. (Lyricist)
- Olson, Zachary D. (Copyright Holder)
- SEASONS (Composer)
- Mendelssohn, Felix (Composer)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2019 by Zachary D. Olson. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R.J.Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5: 19; Colossians 3: 16

