# 21635 - LET US GO TO THE MOUNTAIN OF GOD

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

O come, let us go To the mountain of God, To the house of the LORD, God of Jacob. He will teach us His ways; We will walk in His paths, In the light of the LORD, God of Jacob. In the light of the LORD, God of Jacob! light of the LORD, God of 



### Verse 2

No more shall we war At the mountain of God, Where He settles disputes for the nations. We will hammer our spears Into hooks for the vine, And our swords into plowshares forever. And our swords into plowshares forever! 

### Verse 3

With joy, we will go From the mountain of God, With instruction to shepherd the nations, With His peace on our lips, And His law on our hearts, Written there by the LORD, God of Jacob. Written there by the LORD, God of Jacob! 

### Chorus

So go out in joy, And be led forth in peace, To the song of the hills and the mountains. Where the brier once grew, Let the myrtle rejoice, As the light of the LORD fills creation. As the light of the LORD fills creation.


## Scriptures

- [Isaiah 2:3](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Isaiah%202%3A3)

## Topics

- God
- God - Creator
- Evangelism
- Walking With God

## Stakeholders

- Olson, Zachary D. (Lyricist)
- Olson, Zachary D. (Copyright Holder)
- PLOWSHARES (Composer)
- Olson, Zachary D. (Composer)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2021 by Zachary D. Olson. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R.J.Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5: 19; Colossians 3: 16

