# 21639 - BUILD UP THE WALL

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Lonely you sit, a desolate city, You who were once filled with gladness and life. Weeping alone, with none to show pity. All have betrayed you, and you, your first love.



### Verse 2

Once you could walk thru shadowy valleys, Trusting your shepherd to comfort your fears. But then you strayed, forgetting His mercies. The cup you bear now o'erflows with your tears.



### Verse 3

Go round and see the ruin and rubble. What once was mighty, your sin has laid waste. Gather your strength and fear no more trouble. Rise up and build in the strength of God's grace.



### Verse 4

No more delay, the foe still surrounds you. Build up the wall 'gainst temptation and sin. Work with one hand, defend with the other, Filling the breach, let no evil thing in.



### Verse 5

Stand by my side, we'll build it together, Rallying round to give strength to the weak. We will not strive in conflict forever. Soon we shall rest in the city of peace.


### Chorus

Build up the wall around your heart, Build it up for we must Keep sin and doubt and fear at bay, With minds to work and looking out For each other, we will Build up the wall around our hearts ev'ry day.




## Scriptures

### Nehemiah 2:17

- [Nehemiah 2:17](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Nehemiah%202%3A17)


## Topics


## Stakeholders

- Stevens, Jady (Lyricist)
- Stevens, Jady (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, Jady (Composer)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2019 by Jady Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

