# 21643 - THE ROAD

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 2 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

You found me walking down life's road, Perplexed by the things that I have seen, Feeling abandoned, lost, confused, And finding my hope not as it seemed, 





### Verse 3

Then let me see You at my side, One step at a time until the end. Tho' I'm a fool and slow of heart, Ignite hope within me once again.









### Chorus

Open my ears to hear the story. Open my heart that I may trust. Open my eyes to clearly see You, Risen from death, victorious.
Open Your mouth, unveil the myst'ry, Scriptures that cause my heart to burn. You have arisen out of Sheol. Open my grave when You return.


### Verse 2

Lord, I can't take another step, And mountains of sorrow fill my road. Have You not heard my hope has died, Nor witnessed my weary weight of woe?


## Scriptures

- [Luke 24:34](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Luke%2024%3A34)

## Topics

- Christ
- Encouragement
- Hope

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, Jady (Composer)
- Stevens, Jady (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, Jady (Lyricist)
- Luke 24:13-32 (Lyricist)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2020 by Jady Stevens.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

