# 21640 - I BELIEVE

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 4+ - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

I believe that light shone out from dark by God's command, So I eagerly await a house not made with hands. Tho' to those who watch, my outer self may waste away, Yet thru Christ my inner self is made new day by day.



### Verse 2

I believe the things I see are here but for a day, So I look to things unseen that never pass away. Tho' our passing light affliction brings some to despair, Yet it works for me a glory far beyond compare.



### Verse 3

I believe the Lord was raised to sit at God's right hand, So I don't lose heart, for in His presence I will stand. Tho' I carry Jesus' death within a jar of clay, Yet this mortal flesh will put His life upon display.



### Verse 4

"I believed, and so I spoke." These were the prophet's words. The apostles' faith resounds with voices undeterred. If that same conviction fills your soul, then speak with me 'Til this life is swallowed up in immortality.




## Scriptures

### II Corinthians 4:18

- [II Corinthians 4:18](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=II%20Corinthians%204%3A18)


## Topics

- Believe
- Christ
- Christ - Resurrection
- Faith/ Believe

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, Jady (Composer)
- Stevens, Jady (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, Jady (Lyricist)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2019 by Jady Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use for display and print but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

