# 21645 - OF SUCH IS THE KINGDOM OF HEAVEN

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

The disciples debated with envy and pride Who would rise to be greatest among them. But the Lord called a child and He placed him by His side Saying, "Such will be great in My kingdom." Of such is the kingdom of heaven composed: Humble children all gathered 'round Jesus, Humble children all welcomed to Him with open arms, And each one whom He touches He blesses.





### Verse 2

When the day ends too soon for a life in its dawn And the night settles dark on the mourning, Yet our hope lights the path leading t'ward them who are gone, Where they shine like the dew in the morning. Of such is the kingdom of heaven composed: Little children who knew no corruption, Little children who never beheld the light of day, Now embraced by the Light of creation.


### Verse 3

Heav'nly echoes of joy resonate in the tones Of our children whose voices are ringing With the host of God's children assembled 'round His throne As the praise of the Father they're singing. Of such is the kingdom of heaven composed: Joyful children with faith sweet and simple, Joyful children with voices perfecting songs of praise As "Hosanna!" rings out thru the temple.



### Verse 4

Now behold what great manner of love come from God, That by grace we are called sons and daughters. In adoption He gathered His children spread abroad. Now, as one, we cry out, "Abba, Father!" Of such is the kingdom of heaven composed: Blameless children in faith who receive Him, Blameless children redeemed from our bondage under sin, Purified for the day we shall see Him.



## Scriptures

- [Mark 10:14](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Mark%2010%3A14)

## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Light
- Praise/Adoration - Of God
- Love - Of God
- Child Of God

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, Jady (Arranger)
- LOCH LOMOND (Composer)
- Stevens, Jady (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2021 by Jady Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
For Rebecca, Phoebe, the triplets, and many others.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R.J.Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5: 19; Colossians 3: 16

