# 21644 - CARRY THE MESSAGE

## Notation

C - 9/8 on 7 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Let all that love Him carry the message, carry the message far and wide. Tell of Immanuel, God is with us. Tell of the Christ, our Savior has come.














### Verse 2

Let all that love Him carry the message, carry the message far and wide. Tell of the mir'cles, proving His words. Tell how faith came to all those who heard.


### Verse 3

Let all that love Him carry the message, carry the message far and wide. Tell of His suff'rings, prayers He uttered. Tell of His sorrow, the death He died.


### Verse 4

Let all that love Him carry the message, carry the message far and wide. Tell of His rising, death He conquered, Tell how He reigns in heaven on high.


### Chorus

Carry the message, His words must be told, The Shepherd is calling, Come into the fold. With boldness declare how Jesus has died, carry the message to fields far and wide.



## Scriptures

- [Mark 16:15](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Mark%2016%3A15)

## Topics

- Christ
- Evangelism
- Discipleship

## Stakeholders

- Powell, Rebecca  (Lyricist)
- Powell, Rebecca  (Copyright Holder)
- Willis, Charles (Composer)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1998 by Rebecca Powell. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

