# 21642 - WHOSE LIKENESS IS THIS

## Notation

Eb - 12/8 on 3d - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

The Pharisees came to test the Lord. They sought to ensnare Him in His words. "Ought children of God to pay the tax?" With wisdom divine He answered back: "The image and name will show to you What you must give up, and so, to whom. What bears the king's image and his name, Give him, but much more give God the same." 

### Verse 2

'Twas in the beginning of the world, God crowned His creation with a word, And fashioned a man out of the ground, "That in him Our image may be found." No animal placed upon the earth Had such a great gift of matchless worth— Eternity placed within his heart, A spirit to set mankind apart.

### Verse 3

The image of God was in the two, But seeking still more, they took the fruit. These children of God betrayed His name Then fled from His presence, clothed in shame. And so thru the years, we all have sinned. Corrupting the image placed within. The Maker of all things pure and true Alone can restore what once we knew.



### Verse 4

For those who believe, a hope lives on— "Conformed to the image of His Son," Created in likeness of our God, Reborn of the water and the blood, The image of dust to put away, Renewing our spirits day by day, Until we shall see Him as He is, Our image transformed to be like His.






### Chorus

Whose likeness is this that they see? Whose name is inscribed on your heart? Whose image is shown to the world when they see your life? So render to God what is His— He purchased your life with His Son. Keep growing each day Until all can say Your likeness is His.


## Scriptures

- [Romans 8:29](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans%208%3A29)

## Topics

- Creation - Act Of
- God - Creator
- Believe
- Faith/ Believe

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, Jady (Composer)
- Stevens, Jady (Lyricist)
- Stevens, Jady (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2019 by Jady Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

