# 21658 - THE BAPTISM PSALM

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Hallelujah! Now I'm whole! Praise the Lord, He saved my soul. From the water I've been raised, Born again to give God praise; Happy, joyful, full and free, Thank You, Lord, for saving me. I will yield my will to Thee, Ever faithful I will be. 







### Verse 2

Let my brethren always be Close beside to uplift me. If I stumble and I fall. Help me hear Thy precious call. Hold me up and take my hand, Staying near so I can stand. May my faith be ever strong, Lift me up with prayer and song. 




### Verse 3

Let all people 'round me know, By my life I love you so. Help me Lord to grow each day Showing others Thy great way. May my light shine bright to see So the lost will come to Thee. Be Thou with me night and day, Keep me faithful, Lord, I pray.   




## Scriptures

- [Acts 8:38](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Acts%208%3A38)

## Topics

- Christ
- Christlikeness/Godly Living
- Encouragement
- Faith/ Believe

## Stakeholders

- Thomas, Nancy (Lyricist)
- Thomas, Nancy (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2009 by Nancy Thomas & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

