# 21650 - HE WILL SEE ME SAFELY HOME

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

When I fail to hear the voices blending, And my arms grow weak that once were strong, When I no more see the rainbow bending, And the night be lonely and be long,





### Verse 2

When my friends no longer gather 'round me, And the one I love has passed away, When those things once simple may confound me, And my feet may stumble on their way,

### Verse 3

'Tho I long to lose this earthly burden, Shed this tent that ties me here below, There is One whose help for me is certain, And my troubles Jesus ever knows.

### Verse 4

Let my hands find work of God's own making. Let my faith in Him be fuller grown. For each feeble step that I am taking Takes me one step closer to my Home.

### Chorus

Let me not begrudge my fading vision, Let me not my youth now gone bemoan, For the Savior knows the path before me. Sure and He will see me safely home.


## Scriptures

### Ecclesiastes 12:6

- [Ecclesiastes 12:6](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Ecclesiastes%2012%3A6)


## Topics

- Assurance
- Heaven - Eternal Home
- Heaven
- Trials/Burdens

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, Anne F. (Composer)
- Stevens, Anne F. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, Anne F. (Lyricist)
- Ecclesiastes 12:6-7 (Lyricist)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2008 by Anne Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R.J.Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5: 19; Colossians 3: 16

