# 21656 - MY SOUL IS REJOICING

## Notation

Ab - 4/4 on 4+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

My soul is now rejoicing, I'm free of ev'ry sin. I'm part of that great fam'ly, My Jesus took me in. I'm sure within His graces, That's why I smile today. There's joy within my very soul, I'm in the glory way. 

### Verse 2

Yes, I'm within His kingdom, And joyful is the theme; And joyfully I'm saying That Jesus is my King.  He truly is my Master, The Holy One up there. He touched my soul this very day, Removing ev'ry fear. 




### Verse 3

I've learned about my Master, I've learned about His blood. I've learned about immersion And felt the cleansing flood. I know about the angels Rejoicing high above, I've known about my Master's grace, And felt His wondrous love. 



 


## Scriptures

### Acts 8:39

- [Acts 8:39](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Acts%208%3A39)


## Topics

- Baptism
- Christ - Savior
- Kingdom
- Cleansing

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2010 by O. E. Landrum & R. J. Stevens.  All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

