# 21659 - THE LORD'S SUPPER

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Sweet the moment, rich in blessing, Which before the cross we spend; Life and health and peace possessing, From the dying sinner's friend.  Hallelujah! Hallelujah! From the dying sinner's friend. 



### Verse 2

Truly blessed in our station, Low before His cross we lie; While we see divine compassion, Beaming in His gracious eye. Hallelujah! Hallelujah! Beaming in His gracious eye. 


### Verse 3

Love and grief our hearts dividing, With our tears His feet we'll bathe; Constant still, in faith abiding, Life deriving from His death. Hallelujah! Hallelujah! Life diriving from His death.



### Verse 4

May we still enjoy this feeling, Still to our Redeemer go; Prove His wounds each day more healing; And Himself more truly know. Hallelujah! Hallelujah! And Himself more truly know.


## Scriptures

### I Corinthians 11:26

- [I Corinthians 11:26](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Corinthians%2011%3A26)


## Topics

- Christ
- Lord's Supper
- Lord's Supper - Remembrance

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)
- Walter Scott's Hymns (Lyricist)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2008 by R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

