# 21651 - I RISE TO CALL ON THEE

## Notation

C - 6/8 on 6 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

1. When moonlight falls across the floor, And guilt has troubled me, With pain from sin, Without, within, I rise to call on Thee. When night has come but sleep is gone, With hours to pass before the dawn, 'Tho all the world may slumber on, I rise to call on Thee. I call, O Lord, on Thee. 

### Verse 2

When sickness robs my night of rest, When health and comfort flee, O, heaven's throne, Where all is known, I rise to call on Thee. When night has come but sleep is gone, With hours to pass before the dawn, 'Tho all the world may slumber on, I rise to call on Thee. I call, O Lord, on Thee. 

### Verse 3

When loved ones lost would break my heart, When lost in sin they be, For wisdom Thine, For help divine, I rise to call on Thee. When night has come but sleep is gone, With hours to pass before the dawn, 'Tho all the world may slumber on, I rise to call on Thee. I call, O Lord, on Thee. 

### Verse 4

When grief has left me lone and sad, With tears my company, In firm belief, O, sweet relief, I rise to call on Thee When night has come but sleep is gone, With hours to pass before the dawn, 'Tho all the world may slumber on, I rise to call on Thee. I call, O Lord, on Thee. 


## Scriptures

### Psalm 119:147

- [Psalm 119:147](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20119%3A147)


## Topics

- Prayer
- Assurance
- Contemplation
- Prayer - Petition

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, Anne F. (Composer)
- Stevens, Anne F. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, Anne F. (Lyricist)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2011 by Anne Stevens.
All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R.J.Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5: 19; Colossians 3: 16

