# 21666 - THE TRUTH ABOUT HEAVEN

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Is it like the scripture readeth? Is there life beyond the sea? Is there such a place as Heaven, Where my loved ones wait for me? Is there place prepared and ready, Where no sorrows can invade? Where no grief will e'er assail me, Making me to be afraid?



### Verse 2

Must I ask or even wonder, That His truths are mine to know? Yes, to know, to know and follow, Keeping them wheree'er I go. Should my soul be ever doubting? Make me once again to see. Make me stand again reminded, 'Twas my Lord who died for me. 



### Verse 3

Fear and grief can never follow, Reaching Jordan's other side. For the truths that God has written Are the truths that e'er abide. When my days are turned to moments And my time is almost past, Make me know Thy truths still linger, Tho' my days may cease to last.


## Scriptures

- [John 8:32](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John%208%3A32)

## Topics

- Heaven
- Heaven - Eternal Home

## Stakeholders

- Landrum, O. E. (Lyricist)
- Landrum, O. E. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)
- Landrum, O. E. (Composer)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2009 by O. E. Landrum & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R.J.Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5: 19; Colossians 3: 16

