# 21669 - SEASON YOUR WORDS

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Season your words with all kindness; Stir in compassion and grace; Spice up your comments with patience; Flavor your language with praise. Season your mind with all pureness; Mix with God's sunshine above; Pepper your heart with His goodness; Coat all your moments with love.



### Verse 2

Season your life with thanksgiving; Blend in God's mercy and pow'r; Spread peace and comfort in trials; Sprinkle your journey with awe. Season the world with the gospel; Soak in God's word ev'ry day. Scatter the seeds of the kingdom; Pour out the truth of His way.


### Chorus

You are the salt of the nations; You are the seas'ning divine, Filled with God's grace and compassion, Letting Christ's love always shine.


## Scriptures

### Colossians 4:6

- [Colossians 4:6](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Colossians%204%3A6)


## Topics

- Discipleship
- Evangelism
- Speech

## Stakeholders

- Haase, Diana Nelson (Lyricist)
- Haase, Diana Nelson (Copyright Holder)
- Sweney, John R. (Composer)
- Haase, Diana Nelson (Arranger)

## Copyright

Lyrics © Copyright 2019 by Diana Nelson Haase. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R.J.Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5: 19; Colossians 3: 16

