# 21679 - A LIFEGUARD IS SENT

## Notation

G - 6/4 on 6 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

When I was sinking deep in sin, A lifeguard was sent from heav'n above; He came to this earth to save my soul, Redeeming it by His love. 



### Verse 2

The night was dark and waves rolled high, Our illfated craft her way had lost, When out of the storm a strong heart came To save her tho' great the cost. 



### Verse 3

He did not stop the waves of sin Which feign would our souls in death consume, But brought a new boat of stronger build To bear us above the foam. 



### Verse 4

He manned this boat with servants true, A chart and a compass both He gave, But died in a struggle with the foe Whose souls He had come to save. 



### Chorus

He died on the cross to save us from sin; His precious blood for all He shed, That all who accept His offer so free Some day to heaven might be led.


## Scriptures

### I John 4:9

- [I John 4:9](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20John%204%3A9)


## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Crucifixion/Death
- Christ - Savior

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)
- Pittman, S. P. (Composer)
- Kuykendall, Elam B.  (Lyricist)
- Kuykendall, Elam B.  (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1958 by Elam B. Kuykendall. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

