# 21672 -  LORD, SPLENDID IS YOUR NAME

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

How excellent in all the earth, Lord, splendid is Your name! You placed Your glory far above The heav'nly, starry frame. From babies' and from infants' mouths You have established pow'r. Because of all Your enemies, Who will be brought to cow'r.



### Verse 2

When I look up unto the heav'ns, which Your own fingers traced, Unto the moon, and to the stars, which You have set in place; I contemplate, "O what is man That You remember him? And just what is the son of man That You're so kind to him?"



### Verse 3

For You made him a little low'r than all the heav'nly hosts; And placing honor on his head a glorious crown bestow. Majestic are Your wondrous works, And awesome is Your grace! How excellent in all the earth, Lord, splendid is Your name!



### Verse 4

You made him ruler of Your work; At his feet all things lay, All sheep and oxen, and all beasts that in the field do stay; Birds in the air, and fish at sea, And all that You sustain. How excellent in all the earth, Lord, splendid is Your name!




## Scriptures

### Psalm 8:1

- [Psalm 8:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%208%3A1)


## Topics

- God
- God - Creator
- God - Father
- Praise/Adoration
- Praise/Adoration - Of God

## Stakeholders

- Psalm 8 (Lyricist)
- Haase, Diana Nelson (Lyricist)
- Haase, Diana Nelson (Copyright Holder)
- Haase, Diana Nelson (Arranger)
- FOREST GREEN (Composer)
- English Folk Song (Composer)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2018 by Diana Nelson Haase. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

