# 21682 - DEPART FROM ME

## Notation

Ab - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

When in glory Jesus comes, with a mighty angel  band. Then before His judgment throne calls each one from ev'ry land.  Tho' He shed His precious blood for all men prepared the way. Souls who live for self and sin then must hear the Savior say: 










### Verse 2

If God's mercy you refuse, Home with Him you'll never know. With the devil you must stay, in that place of fire and woe. If you're tired of sin today, come to Christ His will obey. Then the vict'ry may be won; joy and peace and endless day. hear the Savior say: peace and endless day.





### Chorus

"Depart from me" "Depart from me," O yes, how sad it would  be, it would be hear, "O come you blest, enter into heaven's rest;" But the sentence then would be, O soul, "Depart from Me! "me." O how sad it would be not to me."  O how sad it would be not to


## Scriptures

### Matthew 25:41

- [Matthew 25:41](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%2025%3A41)


## Topics

- Christ
- Christ - Savior

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)
- Hartsell, Huey P. (Lyricist)
- Hartsell, Huey P. (Composer)
- Hartsell, Huey P. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1992 by Huey P. Hartsell. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

