# 21683 - THIS IS THE DAY

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

1. This is the day, this is the day that the Lord hath made, that the Lord hath made. I will rejoice, I will rejoice and be glad in it, and be glad in it. This is the day that the Lord hath made; I will rejoice and be glad in it. This is the day, this is the day that the Lord hath made.



### Verse 2

We are the sons, we are the sons of the Living God, of the Living God. We will rejoice, we will rejoice and be glad in Him, and be glad in Him. We are the sons of the Loving God. We will rejoice and be glad in Him. We are the sons, we are the sons of the Living God.


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 118:24](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20118%3A24)

## Topics

- Joy/Rejoicing
- Praise/Adoration

## Stakeholders

- Psalm 118:24 (Lyricist)
- Fiji Folk Melody (Composer)
- Garrett, Les  (Arranger)
- Universal Music - Brentwood Benson Publishing (Copyright Holder)
- Capitol CMG Publ. USA (Copyright Manager)

## Copyright

Arr.© Copyright 1967 by Universal Music-Brentwood Benson Pub.(Admin. at Capital CMG Pub.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI, OneLicense or other licensing entity and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage.)

## Disclaimers

R. J. Stevens Music, LLC has been commercially authorized to present this hymn for sale only and cannot grant copyright privileges for performances, recording, or use beyond the sale of the download. The purchaser must have a license with CCLI, OneLicense or other licensing entity and assume the responsibility of reporting its usage. 
Unlimited use for display;  number of copies limited to terms of purchaser’s license with CCLI, OneLicense, or other licensing entity. 	

