# 21690 - SPEAK, O LORD

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Speak, O Lord, as we come to You, to receive the food of Your holy Word. Take Your Truth, plant it deep in us; shape and fashion us in Your likeness; That the light of Christ may be seen today in our acts of love and our deeds of faith. Speak, O Lord, and fullfill in us all Your purposes for Your glory. 



### Verse 2

Teach us Lord, full obedience, holy reverence, true humility. Test our tho'ts and our atittudes in the radiance of your purity. Cause our faith to rise, cause our eyes to see Your majestic love and authority. Words of pow'r that can never fail; let their truth prevail over unbelief. 



### Verse 3

Speak, O Lord, and renew our minds; Help us grasp the heights of Your plans for us. Truths unchanged from the dawn of time, that will echo down thru eternity. And by grace we'll stand on Your promises; And by faith we'll walk as You walk with us. Speak, O Lord, till Your church is built, and the earth is filled with Your glory.



## Scriptures

- [Ezekiel 12:25](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Ezekiel%2012%3A25)

## Topics


## Stakeholders

- Getty, Keith (Lyricist)
- Townend, Stuart (Lyricist)
- Getty, Keith (Composer)
- Townend, Stuart (Composer)
- Tackett, James William (Arranger)
- Thankyou Music (Copyright Holder)
- Capitol CMG Publ. USA (Copyright Manager)

## Copyright

© Copyright 2006 by Thank You Music. (Adm. Capitol CMG Publishing.) All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
R. J. Stevens Music, LLC has been commercially authorized to present this hymn for sale only and cannot grant copyright privileges for performances, recording, or use beyond the sale of the download. The purchaser must have a license with CCLI, OneLicense or other licensing entity and assume the responsibility of reporting its usage.

## Disclaimers

License required through CCLI, OneLicense, Easy Licensing, or other licensing company for copyright compliance.
Copies permitted up to limit of license. Must report usage and additional copies with your licensing company.

