# 230 - This World Is Not My Home

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 4+ - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

This world is not my home I'm just a passing through, my treasures are laid up somewhere beyond the blue; the angels beckon me from heaven's open door, and I can't feel at home in this world anymore.

### Verse 2

They're all expecting me and that’s one thing I know, my savior pardoned me and now I onward go; I know he'll take me through, though I am meek and poor, and I can't feel at home in this world anymore.

### Verse 3

Just up in gloryland we'll live eternally, the saints on every hand are shouting victory, their songs of sweetest praise drift back from heaven's shores and I can't feel at home in this world anymore.

### Chorus

O Lord, you know I have no friend like you, if heaven's not my home, then, Lord, what will I do? The angels beckon me from heaven's open door, and I can't feel at home in this world anymore.


## Scriptures

- [Matthew 6:19](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%206%3A19)

## Topics

- Heaven

## Stakeholders

- Brumley, Albert E. (Composer)
- Davis's Joyful Meeting in Glory (Lyricist)
- Brumley, Albert E. (Lyricist)
- Integrated Copyright Group, Inc. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright Renewal 1966 by Albert E. Brumeley & Sons. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

