# 243 - I Share The Perfect Love

## Notation

F - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

I share the perfect love, the love of God, the love God has for all the sinfull world; his love was manifest, this shameful world to bless; I share, I share the perfect love.

### Verse 2

I share the perfect love because he cares; we care and that’s the reason why we share his love to friend and foe  all see we love him so; we share, we share the perfect love.

### Verse 3

There is no fear in love, the perfect love. Love casteth out its fear and leads above, for every member of the household of the Lord doth care and share the love of God.

### Verse 4

I hear his precious words, come unto me; we know truth and love will set us free; so hasten to obey, don't waste another day; come share, come share the perfect love.


## Scriptures

### I John 4:16

- [I John 4:16](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20John%204%3A16)


## Topics

- Fellowship
- Love - Of God

## Stakeholders

- Ladd, Richard G. (Composer)
- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Trimble, Harold V. (Lyricist)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)
- Shepard-Stevens Music, Inc. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1986 by Harold Trimble & Richard G. Ladd. All Rights Reserved.
(Copyrighted hymns not associated with CCLI & hymns of Partnership status)

## Disclaimers

Permission from the copyright owner(s) &/or administrator is required PRIOR to purchasing and downloading (for copying, printing &/or projecting) this hymn.

