# 251 - I'm Happy Today

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

I'm happy today, O yes I'm happy today, in Jesus Christ I'm happy today, because He's taken all my sins away and that's why I'm happy today.

### Verse 2

I'm singing today,  O yes I'm singing today, in Jesus Christ I'm singing today because he's taken all my sins away and that's why I'm singing today.

### Verse 3

I'm praying today, O yes I'm praying today, in Jesus Christ I'm praying today, because He's taken all my sins away, and that's why I'm praying today.

### Verse 4

I'm living today, O yes I'm living today, in Jesus Christ I'm living today, because he's taken all my sins away and that’s why I'm living today.

### Verse 5

I'm happy today, O yes I'm singing today, in Jesus Christ I'm praying today, because he's taken all my sins away and that’s why I'm living today.


## Scriptures

### I Peter 1:8

- [I Peter 1:8](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Peter%201%3A8)


## Topics

- Joy/Rejoicing
- Testimony

## Stakeholders

- Traditional (Composer)
- Traditional (Lyricist)
- Greene, Michael R. (Arranger)
- Song Supplements, Inc. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Arr. Copyright 1986 by Dane K. Shepard. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

