# 299 - Glory To God

## Notation

E - 12/8 on 10 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Glory to God, yes glory to you, splendor and majesty, righteousness too; eternal dominion, the praises of men are yours forever and ever again. For yours is the kingdom, the power and the glory, yours is creation, redemptions story; yours is the love in Christ we see; yours is the beauty of jesus in me.

### Verse 2

Glory to God, yes glory to you, splendor and majesty, righteousness too; eternal dominion, the praises of men are yours forever and ever again. Lord, give me compassion for souls who are lost, give me a mind that’s counted the cost; give me the courage to master my sin, give me the spirit of jesus within.

### Verse 3

Glory to God, yes glory to you, splendor and majesty, righteousness too; eternal dominion, the praises of men are yours forever and ever again. O how can I thank you for all you have done, for Christ who died, my heavenly home, love of the faithful, your word so true, the hope of glory, forever with you.


## Scriptures

- [I Peter 5:11](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Peter%205%3A11)

## Topics

- Praise/Adoration

## Stakeholders

- Stirling, Sammy (Composer)
- Kearney, Steve (Lyricist)
- Shepard, Dane K. (Arranger)
- Kearney, Steve (Copyright Holder)
- Stirling, Sammy (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1990 by Steve Kearney & Sammy Stirling. All Rights Reserved.
(Copyrighted hymns not associated with CCLI & hymns of Partnership status)

## Disclaimers

Permission from the copyright owner(s) &/or administrator is required PRIOR to purchasing and downloading (for copying, printing &/or projecting) this hymn.

