# 359 - Victory In Jesus

## Notation

Ab - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

 I heard an old, old story, How a Savior came from glory, How He gave His life on Calvary  To save a wretch like me; I heard about His groaning, Of His precious blood's atoning, Then I repented of my sins And won the

### Verse 2

 I heard about His healing, Of His cleansing pow'r revealing, How He made the lame to walk again And caused the blind to see; And then I cried "Dear Jesus, Come and heal my broken spirit;" I then obeyed His blest commands And gained the 

### Verse 3

 I heard about a mansion He has built for me in glory, And I heard about the street of gold Beyond the crystal sea; About the angels singing, And the old redemption story, And some sweet day I'll sing up there The song of victory.

### Chorus

 O victory in Jesus, My Savior, forever, He sought me and bought me with His redeeming blood; He loved me ere I knew Him, and all  my love is due Him, He plunged me to victory, beneath the cleansing flood. 


## Scriptures

### I Corinthians 15:57

- [I Corinthians 15:57](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Corinthians%2015%3A57)


## Topics

- Stranger/Pilgrims
- Victory/Overcoming

## Stakeholders

- Bartlett, Eugene Monroe, Sr. (Composer)
- Bartlett, Eugene Monroe, Sr. (Lyricist)
- Integrated Copyright Group, Inc. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1939 by E. M. Bartlett. Renewal 1967 by Mrs. E. M. Bartlett. Assigned to Albert E. Brumley & Sons. Used by Permission.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

