# 372 - We Thank Thee, O Father

## Notation

Db - 6/4 on 6 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

We plow the fields for sowing The good seed on the land; But it is fed and watered by God's almighty hand. He sends the snow in winter, The  warmth to swell the grains; The breeze  and the sunshine, And soft refreshing rain. 

### Verse 2

 He only is the Maker Of all things near and far; He paints the wayside flowers, He lights the evening star. The wind and waves obey Him; By Him the birds are fed; Much more to us His children He gives our daily bread. 

### Verse 3

 We thank Thee, then, O Father, For all things bright and good; The seed time and the harvest, Our life, our health and food. Accept the gifts we offer, For all Thy love imparts, And, what Thou most desirest, Our humble, thankful hearts. 


## Scriptures

- [I Chronicles 29:13](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Chronicles%2029%3A13)

## Topics

- Thanksgiving

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Claudius, Matthias (Lyricist)
- Campbell, Jane M. (Lyricist)
- Shepard-Stevens Music, Inc. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1986 by R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

