# 383 - Whispering Hope

## Notation

Db - 6/4 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

 Soft as the voice of an angel, Breathing a lesson unheard, Hope with a gentle persuasion, Whispers her comforting word; Wait till the darkness is over, Wait till the tempest is done, Hope for the sunshine tomorrow, After the shower is gone. 

### Verse 2

 If in the dusk of the twilight, Dim be the region afar, Will not the deepening darkness Brighten the glimmering star? Then when the night is upon us Why should the heart sink away? When the dark midnight is over, Watch for the breaking of day. 

### Verse 3

 Hope, as an anchor so steadfast, Rends the dark veil for the soul, Whither the Master has entered, Robbing the grave of its goal; Come then, O come, glad fruition, Come to my sad, weary heart; Come, O Thou blest hope of glory, Never, O never depart. 

### Chorus

Whispering Hope, O how welcome Thy voice, Making my heart in its sorrows rejoice. O blessed Hope!

### Coda

O blessed Hope!


## Scriptures

### Hebrews 6:18

- [Hebrews 6:18](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Hebrews%206%3A18)


## Topics

- Encouragement
- Hope

## Stakeholders

- Winner, Septimus (pseudonym - Hawthorne, Alice) (Composer)
- Winner, Septimus (pseudonym - Hawthorne, Alice) (Lyricist)
- Public Domain (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1963. Renewed by Gospel Advocate Co. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

