# 388 - Give Of Your Best To The Master

## Notation

Eb - 3/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

 Give of your best to the Master, Give of the strength of your youth; Throw your soul's fresh, glowing ardor Into the battle for truth. Jesus has set the example, Dauntless was He, young and brave; Give Him your loyal devotion, Give Him the best that you have. Give of your best to the Master, Give of the strength of your youth; Clad in salvation's full armor, Join in the battle for truth.

### Verse 2

 Give of the best to the Master, Give Him first place in your heart; Give Him first place in your service, Consecrate ev'ry part. Give, and to you shall be given; God His beloved Son gave; Gratefully seeking to serve Him, Give Him the best that you have. Give of your best to the Master, Give of the strength of your youth; Clad in salvation's full armor, Join in the battle for truth.

### Verse 3

 Give of your best to the Master; Naught else is worthy His love; He gave Himself for your ransom, Gave up His glory above; Laid down His life without murmur, You from sin's ruin to save; Give Him your heart's adoration, Give Him the best that you have. Give of your best to the Master, Give of the strength of your youth; Clad in salvation's full armor, Join in the battle for truth.


## Scriptures

### Romans 12:1

- [Romans 12:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans%2012%3A1)


## Topics

- Exhortation/Admonition
- Work And Service

## Stakeholders

- Barnard, Charlotte (Composer)
- Grose, Howard Benjamin (Lyricist)
- Public Domain (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Public Domain
(This hymn is free to use)

## Disclaimers

None

