# 586 - Can He Depend On You

## Notation

Db - 6/8 on 1 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

 Jesus the Savior came down from above, Came to bring mercy and love; "Crucify Him" the mob scornfully cried, So He on Calvary died; While on the cross He prayed, "Father, forgive, For they know not what they do;" For us He died that for Him we might live, Can He depend on you?

### Verse 2

 He from the grave on the third day arose, Missions of man to disclose; Go preach the gospel, all who will may hear, Thru Him be free from all fear; Bid them believe, to repent and obey, Walk in the newness of life; Keep the light glowing to show them the way, Leading from sin and strife.

### Verse 3

 He is preparing in heaven a home, For all His faithful and own; Are you preparing to stand by His side, or in that day be denied? Have you told others the story of love, Showing them what they should do? These are the precepts that come from above, Can He depend on you?

### Chorus

Can He depend on you, His blessed will to do? Will you be crowned with the faithful and true, Can He depend on you?


## Scriptures

### Revelation 2:10

- [Revelation 2:10](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%202%3A10)


## Topics

- Exhortation/Admonition

## Stakeholders

- Bacon, Wilkin B. (Chief) (Composer)
- Bacon, Wilkin B. (Chief) (Lyricist)
- Brentwood-Benson (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1943. Renewal 1971 by Stamps-Baxter Music.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

