# 602 - O For A Child-Like Heart

## Notation

F - 3/4 on 3 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

 O for a childlike heart in me, To serve You, Lord, in purity; And hold Your hand so close each day, Till I'm called home with You to stay. 

### Verse 2

 The little ones are malice free, I'll put away all enmity; With open mind to seek Your way, I'll let Your steps lead ev'ry day.

### Verse 3

 Their humble minds speak honestly, So I will live by Your decree; To feel for all hurt in life's way, And love all souls who are lost today.

### Chorus

O for a childlike heart in me, to serve You, Lord, in purity; Till by Thy grace a crown I'll wear forever in Your love and care.

### Verse 4

In childlike trust I come to Thee; My way, dear Lord, I cannot see. I'll never fear the unseen way, My Father will not lead astray.


## Scriptures

- [I Corinthians 14:20](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Corinthians%2014%3A20)

## Topics

- Devotion
- Prayer

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Hartsell, Huey P. (Lyricist)
- Hartsell, Huey P. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1995 Huey P. Hartsell and R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

