# 604 - I'm The One

## Notation

Db - 4/4 on 4+ - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

 I was not in the garden when He knelt to God and prayed, I did not kiss Him on the cheek when Jesus was betrayed; I could not do a single thing to hurt God's only Son, But ev'ry time I sin on earth I feel that I'm the one. 

### Chorus

I'm the one who shouted "crucify," I'm the one who made His cross so high, I'm the one who stood and watched Him die; What have I done? I'm the one.

### Verse 2

 I was not at the trial when the crowd jeered at His name, I did not make Him bear a cross or walk a road of shame; I could not do a single thing to hurt God's only Son, But ev'ry time I sin on earth I feel that I'm the one.

### Verse 3

 I was not on the hillside when He gave His life that day, I did not nail His precious hands or take His robe away; I could not do a single thing to hurt God's only Son, But ev'ry time I sin on earth I feel that I'm the one.


## Scriptures

### Isaiah 53:6

- [Isaiah 53:6](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Isaiah%2053%3A6)


## Topics

- Christ - Crucifixion/Death

## Stakeholders

- Overholt, Ray (Composer)
- Overholt, Ray (Lyricist)
- Brentwood-Benson Music Publishing, Inc. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1963 by Singspiration, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Used by Pemission.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

