# 672 - Above All, Love

## Notation

D - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

 If I speak with tongues of men and angels, too; If I have the gifts of prophecy and faith; If I give all I possess and give my body as a sacrifice; If I have no love I'm nothing after all.

### Verse 2

 Love is patient, love is kind and envies not; Never boastful, never rude or filled with pride; Love is never seeking self and is not easily provoked to wrath; Love hates evil but rejoices with the truth.

### Verse 3

 Love protects, and trusts and always perseveres; Never failing, love will never pass away. In the path of love the Savior walked and humbly gave Himself to die; And the path of love leads straight to Calvary.

### Verse 4

 Help us, Lord, to love You with our heart and soul; Teach us, Lord, to love our neighbors as ourselves. Make us understand that loving one another is the only way; May our hearts be moved to imitate Your love.


## Scriptures

### I Corinthians 13:13

- [I Corinthians 13:13](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Corinthians%2013%3A13)


## Topics

- Love - Brotherly
- Love - For Christ

## Stakeholders

- Alexander, Don M. (Composer)
- Alexander, Don M. (Lyricist)
- Alexander, Don M. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1994 by Don Alexander. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

