# 674 - It Is Time To Build

## Notation

A - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

 It is time to build in the church of our Lord. It is time to consider our ways. This great work is before us, the need sounds its cry to all and God seeketh those who obey.

### Verse 2

 Have we built our homes, have we cared for our own while neglecting the temple of God? But it's time; let us work giving all to our blessed Lord, ye chosen, ye people of God. God.

### Verse 3

 Let us gather wood in the mountains of truth. Hammer faith, hammer hope to its frame. Now let's strengthen our hands for the work, sound the Word now as we stand on the pow'r of His name.

### Chorus

Now have faith, never fear, "I am with you, My spirit abides with you. Now have faith, I will fill it with glory" Build the church, build the temple of God. 


## Scriptures

### Haggai 1:7

- [Haggai 1:7](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Haggai%201%3A7)


## Topics

- Kingdom
- Soul Winning
- Church

## Stakeholders

- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Composer)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Lyricist)
- Schales, Glenda Barnhart (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1990 by Glenda Barnhart Schales. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

