# 678 - If We Never Meet Again

## Notation

Eb - 6/8 on 6 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

 Soon we'll come to the end of life's journey And perhaps we'll never meet anymore, Till we gather in heaven's bright city Far away on that beautiful shore. shore. 

### Verse 2

 O so often we're parted with sorrow, Benedictions often quicken our pain, But we never shall sorrow in heaven, God be with you till we meet again.

### Verse 3

 O they say we shall meet by the river, Where no stormclouds ever darken the sky, And they say we'll be happy in heaven In the wonderful sweet by and by.

### Chorus

If we never meet again this side of heaven As we struggle thru this world and its strife, There's another meeting place somewhere in heaven By the side of the river of life; Where the charming roses bloom forever, And where separations come no more, If we never meet again this side of heaven I will meet you on that beautiful shore. 


## Scriptures

### I Thessalonians 4:16

- [I Thessalonians 4:16](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Thessalonians%204%3A16)


## Topics

- Heaven

## Stakeholders

- Brumley, Albert E. (Composer)
- Brumley, Albert E. (Lyricist)
- Intergrated Copyright Group, Inc. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1945. Renewal 1973 by Stamps Quartet Music Co. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

