# 679 - Jesus, Hold My Hand

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

 As I travel thru this pilgrim land There is a Friend who walks with me, Leads me safely thru the sinking sand, It is the Christ of Calvary; This would be my pray'r, dear Lord, each day To help me do the best I can, For I need Thy light to guide me day and night, Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. 

### Verse 2

 Let me travel in the light divine That I might see the blessed way; Keep me that I may be wholly Thine And sing redemption's song some day; I will be a soldier brave and true And ever firmly take a stand, As I onward go and daily meet the foe, Blessed Jesus, hold my hand.

### Verse 3

 When I wander thru the valley dim Toward the setting of the sun, Lead me safely to a land of rest If I a crown of life have won; I have put my faith in Thee, dear Lord, That I may reach the golden strand, There's no other friend on whom I can depend, Blessed Jesus, hold my hand.

### Chorus

Jesus hold my hand, I need Thee ev'ry hour, Thru this pilgrim land, Protect me by Thy pow;r, Hear my feeble plea, O Lord, look down on me, When I kneel in pray'r I hope to meet you there, Blessed Jesus, hold my hand.


## Scriptures

### Isaiah 41:13

- [Isaiah 41:13](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Isaiah%2041%3A13)


## Topics

- Devotion
- Guidance

## Stakeholders

- Brumley, Albert E. (Composer)
- Brumley, Albert E. (Lyricist)
- Albert E. Brumley & Sons (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1933 by Hartford Music Co. Renewal 1961 by Albert E. Brumley & Sons. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

