# 680 - Anywhere Is "Home"

## Notation

Ab - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

 Earthly wealth and fame May never come to me, And a palace fair, Here mine may never be; But let come what may, If Christ for me doth care, Anywhere is home, If He is only there. 

### Verse 2

 Oft I'm tossed about And driven by the foe, Sad within, without, Wherever I may go; But I press along Still looking up in pray'r, For it's home, sweet home, If Christ is only there. 

### Chorus

Anywhere is home, Let come and go what may, Anywhere I roam, He keeps me all the way, So for His dear sake, My cross I'll meekly bear, Anywhere is home, If Christ, my Lord, is there.

### Verse 3

 I will labor on Till I am called away, Till the morn shall dawn, Of that eternal day; Looking unto Him, Who keeps me in His care, Anywhere is home, If Christ, my Lord, is there.


## Scriptures

### Philippians 4:11,13

- [Philippians 4:11,13](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Philippians%204%3A11%2C13)


## Topics

- Assurance
- Christian Life
- Fellowship

## Stakeholders

- Morris, Homer F. (Composer)
- Henson, John M. (Lyricist)
- Public Domain (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1927. Assigned 1943 to R. E. Winsett Music Co., Ellis J. Crum, Owner. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(Copyrighted hymns not associated with CCLI & hymns of Partnership status)

## Disclaimers

Permission from the copyright owner(s) &/or administrator is required PRIOR to purchasing and downloading (for copying, printing &/or projecting) this hymn.

