# 683 - Sing And Be Happy

## Notation

Eb - 2/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

 If the skies above you are gray, You are feeling so blue, If your cares and burdens seem great All the whole day thru, There's a silver lining that shines In the heavenly land, Look by faith and see it my friend, Trust in His promises grand.

### Verse 2

 Often we are troubled and tired, Sick with sorrow and pain, There are others living in sin Blest with earthly gain, Take new courage we cannot tell What the morrow may bring, When the dark clouds vanish away Then your heart truly can sing.

### Verse 3

 Oft we fail to see the rainbow Up in heaven's fair sky, When it seems the fortunes of earth Frown and pass us   by. There are things we know that are worth More than silver and gold, If we hope and trust Him each day, We shall have pleasure untold. 

### Chorus

Sing and you'll be happy today, Press along to the goal, Trust in Him who leadeth the way, He is keeping your soul; Let the world know where you belong, Look to Jesus and pray, Lift your voice and praise Him in song, Sing and be happy today. 


## Scriptures

- [Psalm 100:2](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20100%3A2)

## Topics

- Joy/Rejoicing
- Singing

## Stakeholders

- Peck, Emory S. (Composer)
- Peck, Emory S. (Lyricist)
- Brentwood-Benson Music Publishing, Inc. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1940. Renewal 1968 by Stamps-Baxter Music. All Rights Reserved.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

