# 688 - Paradise Valley

## Notation

Db - 6/8 on 6 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

 As I travel thru life, with its trouble and strife, I've a glorious hope to give cheer on the way; Soon my toils will be o'er and I'll rest on that shore, Where the night has been turned into day.

### Verse 2

 As I roam the hillside, or I list to the tide, As I pluck the sweet flowers that grow in the dale; A faint picture is there of a land bright and fair, Where perennial flowers ne'er fail.

### Verse 3

 Tho' your garden is rare, it is naught to compare With the flowers that bloom in the garden above, In the midst of it grows, Sharon's perfect sweet Rose; 'Tis the wonderful Flower we love.

### Chorus

Up in paradise valley By the side of the river of life, Up in paradise valley, We'll be free from all pain and all strife; There we'll live in the garden, 'Neath the shade of the evergreen tree, How I long for the paradise valley, Where the beauty of heaven I'll see. 


## Scriptures

### Revelation 2:7

- [Revelation 2:7](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%202%3A7)


## Topics

- Heaven

## Stakeholders

- Stamps, Virgil O. (Composer)
- White, Noah (Lyricist)
- Brentwood-Benson Music Publishing, Inc. (Copyright Holder)
- Stamps, Virgil O. (Lyricist)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1935 by Stamps-Baxter Music/BMI. All Rights Reserved. Used by Permission.
(Christian Copyright Licensing International)

## Disclaimers

User(s) of this hymn must have a license with CCLI and accept the responsibility of reporting its usage to CCLI.

