# 689 - Master, The Tempest Is Raging

## Notation

C - 6/8 on 1 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

 Master, the tempest is raging! The billows are tossing high! The sky is o'ershadowed with blackness, No shelter or help is nigh; Carest Thou not that we perish? How canst Thou lie asleep, When each moment so madly is threat'ning A grave in the angry deep? 

### Verse 2

 Master, with anguish of spirit I bow in my grief today; The depths of my sad heart are troubled, O waken and save, I pray; Torrents of sin and of anguish Sweep o'er my sinking soul; And I perish! I perish! dear Master; O hasten, and take control.

### Verse 3

 Master, the terror is over, The elements sweetly rest; Earth's sun in the calm lake is mirrored, And heaven's within my breast; Linger, O blessed Redeemer! Leave me alone no more; And with joy I shall make the blest harbor, And rest on the blissful shore.

### Chorus

The winds and the waves shall obey Thy will, Peace be still! Whether the wrath of the storm tossed sea, Or demons or men, or whatever it be, No waters can swallow the ship where lies The Master of ocean, and earth and skies; They all shall sweetly obey Thy will, Peace be still! peace, be still! They all shall sweetly obey Thy will, Peace, peace, be still!


## Scriptures

### Matthew 8:27

- [Matthew 8:27](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%208%3A27)


## Topics

- Christ - Kingship/Lordship
- Peace

## Stakeholders

- Palmer, Horatio Richmond (Composer)
- Baker, Mary A. (Lyricist)
- Public Domain (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Public Domain
(This hymn is free to use)

## Disclaimers

None

