# 697 - In Brotherly Love

## Notation

Eb - 3/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

 Raised up in Christ to heavenly places, I boast of greatness only in Him. Honored to sit with fellow believers, Brothers and sisters, serving with them. 

### Verse 2

 Purified souls with hearts that obey Him, Fervently loving, walking in grace. Blest be the tie, in truth we're united, Longing to see our dear Savior's face. 

### Verse 3

 Living together with those who know Him, Spirits that conquer trials of faith.  Praise God for my dear fam'ly in Jesus, Loving me 'til I leave them in death. 

### Chorus

O what a joy to live in Christ Jesus! I know the Father thru His holy word. Sharing my life with God's faithful children, Serving the Lord in brotherly love. 


## Scriptures

### Hebrews 13:1

- [Hebrews 13:1](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Hebrews%2013%3A1)

### Hebrews 13:12

- [Hebrews 13:12](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Hebrews%2013%3A12)


## Topics

- Love - Brotherly
- Victory/Overcoming

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Alexander, Don M. (Lyricist)
- Alexander, Don M. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Lyricist)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1987 by Don Alexander & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

