# 701A - Walk Beside Me

## Notation

G - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

 Walk beside me, O my Savior, While life's morning sky is bright; Grant me now Thy loving favor, Flood my path with heav'nly light; Whether good or ill betide me, Whether skies be dark or clear, Ever stay so close beside me, I may know and feel Thee near. 

### Verse 2

 When the noontide's glowing splendor Brings its weight of toil and care, May Thy love, so pure and tender, All my heavy burdens bear; In a weary land, provide me Shelt'ring rock and cooling spring; When the tempest rages, hide me Underneath Thy folded wing.

### Verse 3

 When the twilight shades descending, Warn my soul that night is near, With the hues of sunset blending, Let the light of heav'n appear; Thru the valley, Savior take me, Close my eyes when night shall come; Then bid angel voices wake me, Sweetly singing, "Welcome home."

### Coda

Blessed Savior, walk with me; Take away all anxious fear; Ever stay so close beside me, I may know and feel Thee near. 


## Scriptures

### Psalm 25:4

- [Psalm 25:4](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%2025%3A4)


## Topics

- Guidance

## Stakeholders

- Black, James Milton (Composer)
- Purvis, Katherine E. (Lyricist)
- Public Domain (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Arranger)

## Copyright

© Arr. Copyright 2005 by R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

