# 702 - Thank You, Lord, For Homes

## Notation

C - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

 Thank you, Lord, for in creation man was lonely incomplete; From his rib You made a helper suited for him, kind and sweet; "Leave your father and your mother, go and cleave unto your wife." What a beautiful relation; two becoming one for life. 

### Verse 2

 Thank you, Lord, for faithful fathers, loving, giving, strong and brave, Leading happy households onward, praying for their homes to save, For their daily needs providing, willing to correct and stand. O how precious are our fathers! How we need them in the land!

### Verse 3

 Thank you, Lord, for loving mothers, godly hearts and hands to serve, Priced above the precious rubies, having virtues all observe. Children rise and call them blessed; husbands give them praises due. Who can tell of their adornment, inward beauty, pure and true?

### Verse 4

 Thank you, Lord, for little children, how they fill our hearts with love! Humble, innocent, and trusting, like Your children up above.  In our hands, as clay they're molded, ever learning morn and eve.  What a heritage we're leaving; precious children who believe. 


## Scriptures

- [Genesis 2:24](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Genesis%202%3A24)

## Topics

- Home/Family

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, R. J. (Composer)
- Hartsell, Huey P. (Lyricist)
- Hartsell, Huey P. (Copyright Holder)
- Stevens, R. J. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

©Copyright 1992 by Huey P. Hartsell & R. J. Stevens. All Rights Reserved.
(An agreement between the hymn writer and R. J. Stevens Music, LLC.)

## Disclaimers

This hymn is free to use but with the following exception(s):
1. The hymn writer does not want this hymn and its arrangement altered in any way.
2. The hymn writer does not want this hymn accompanied with instrumental music.
Ephesians 5:19; Colossians 3:16

