# 9021 - Praise To The Lord, The Almighty

## Notation

G - 3/4 on 3 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Adoration and praise to the Lord! Praise to the Lord, the Almighty, the King of creation! O my soul, praise Him, for He is thy strengthand salvation! Have you not seen How your desirings have been Granted in what He ordaineth?

### Verse 2

Praise to the Lord! Who o'er all things so wondrously reigneth, Shelters thee under His wings yea, so gently sustaineth! Have you not seen How your desirings have been Granted in what He ordaineth?

### Verse 3

Praise to the Lord, who doth prosper thy work and defend thee; Surely His goodness and mercy here daily attend thee. Ponder anew What the Almighty can do, If with His love He befriend thee.

### Verse 4

Praise to the Lord, O let all that is in me adore Him! All that hath life and breath, come now with praises before Him. Let the Amen Sound from His people again, Gladly forever adore Him!

### Chorus

Praise to the Lord! Give praise to the Lord! Praise to the Lord! Let the amen sound from His people again! Gladly forever adore Him! Praise to the Lord!


## Scriptures

### Psalm 148:1,13

- [Psalm 148:1,13](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20148%3A1%2C13)


## Topics

- Admonition
- Providence/Care Of God

## Stakeholders

- Stralsund Gesangbuch (Composer)
- Neander, Joachim (Lyricist)
- Morrison, Richard L. (Copyright Holder)
- Bennett, W. Sterndale (Composer)
- Morrison, Richard L. (Arranger)

## Copyright

Arr. © Copyright 2001 by Richard L. Morrison, Owner. All Rights Reserved.


## Disclaimers


