# 9025 - O God Of God! O Light Of Light

## Notation

Em - 3/4 on 2+ - LA

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

O God of God! O Light of Light! Thou Prince of Peac, Thou King of kings, To Thee Where angels know no night, The song of praise forever rings: To Him who sits upon the throne, The Lamb once slain for sinful men, Be honor, might; all by Him won; Glory and praise! Amen, Amen!

### Verse 2

Deep in the prophet's sacred page, Grand in the Spirit given word, Slowly in type, from age to age, Nations beheld their coming Lord; Till thro' the deep Judean night Rang out the song, "Good will to men!" Hymned by the firstborn sons of light, Reechoed now, "Good will!" Amen!

### Verse 3

That life of truth, those deeds of love, That death of pain, 'mid hate and scorn; These all are past, and now above, He reigns our King! Once crowned with thorns. "Lift up your heads, ye heave'nly gates;" So sang His hosts, undeard by men;"lift up your heads, for you He waits" "We lift them up! Amen, Amen!"

### Verse 4

Sing to the Lord a glorious song, Sing to His name, His love forth tell; Sing, heaven's hosts, His praise prolong; Sing, ye who now on earth do dwell; O worthy Lamb for sinners slain, From angels, praise; and thanks from men; O worthy Lam, enthroned to reign, Glory and pow'r! 

### Coda

Glory and pow'r! Amen, Amen!


## Scriptures

- [I Timothy 6:15](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Timothy%206%3A15)

## Topics


## Stakeholders

- Shepard, Dane K. (Composer)
- Julian, John (Lyricist)
- Shepard, Dane K. (Copyright Holder)
- Shepard, Dane K. (Lyricist)

## Copyright

Music © Copyright 2001 by Dane K. Shepard, Owner. All Rights Reserved.


## Disclaimers


