# 9151 - On The Cross Of Calvary

## Notation

Bb - 4/4 on 4 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

On the cross of Calvary, Jesus died for you and me; There He shed His precious blood, That from sin we might be free. O the cleansing stream doth flow, And it washes white as snow: It was for me that Jesus died On the cross of Calvary.

### Verse 2

O what wondrous, wondrous love, Bro't me down at Jesus feet! O such wondrous, dying love, Asks a sacrifice complete! Lord, I give myself to Thee, Soul and body Thine to be: It was for me Thy blood was shed On the cross of Calvary.

### Verse 3

Take me, Jesus, I am Thine, Wholly Thine for evermore; Blessed Jesus, Thou art mine, Dwell within for everymore. Cleanse, O cleanse my heart from sin, Make and keep me pure within: It was for me Thy blood was shed On the cross of Calvary.

### Verse 4

Clouds and darkness veiled the sky, When the Lord was crucified; "It is finished!" was His cry, When He bowed His head and died. It was finished there for me; All the world may now go free: It was for me that Jesus died On the cross of Calvary.

### Chorus

On Calvary, On Calvary. It was for me that Jesus died On the cross of Calvary.


## Scriptures

- [Romans 5:8](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans%205%3A8)

## Topics

- Baptism

## Stakeholders

- Kirkpatrick, William J. (Composer)
- DeArmond, Lizzie (Lyricist)
- Morrison, Richard L. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Arr. © Copyright 2002 by Richard L. Morrison, Owner. All Rights Reserved.


## Disclaimers


