# 9158 - There Is Room

## Notation

A - 4/4 on 4 - SOL

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

There's a dark'ning shadow and it reaches 'round the world, With a shape that's known throughout the years. And there's room in its frame for the ones who wear His name. In the Savior's shadow, there is room.

### Verse 2

There's a battle waged in ev'ry corner of the world, With its weapons not of sword or flame. As it rages within ev'ry heart enslaved in sin, In the Savior's army, there is room.

### Verse 3

There's a table set within the kingdom of the Lord, And its emblems speak of One who died. And 'though millions atend to the welcome He extends, At the Savior's supper, there is room.

### Chorus

There is room within the shadow of the cross. There is room for all to come. Yes, there's room at the side of the Savior crucified, In the Savior's shadow, there is room. There is room for ev'ry soldier of the Lord. With His banner o'erhead, dipped in bloody by Jesus shed, In the Savior's army, there is room. There is room around the table of the Lord. Yes, there's always a place for the ones who seek His grace. At the Savior's supper, there is room.


## Scriptures

### II Peter 3:9

- [II Peter 3:9](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=II%20Peter%203%3A9)


## Topics

- Admonition
- Invitation

## Stakeholders

- Stevens, Anne F. (Composer)
- Stevens, Anne F. (Lyricist)
- Stevens, Anne F. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1998 by Anne Stevens, Owner. All Rights Reserved.


## Disclaimers


