# 9170 - My Savior First Of All

## Notation

Ab - 4/4 on 4 - DO

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

When my life-work is ended, and I cross the swelling tide, When the bright and glorious morning I shall see; I shall know my Redeemer when I reach the other side, And His smile will be the first to welcome me.

### Verse 2

O the soul-thrilling rapture when I view His blessed face, And the luster of His kindly beaming eye; How my full heart will praise Him for the mercy, love, and grace That prepared for me a mansion in the sky.

### Verse 3

O the dear ones in glory, how they beckon me to come, And our parting at the river I recall; In the sweet vales of Eden they will sing my welcome home, But I long to meet my Savior first of all.

### Verse 4

Thro' the gates to the city in a robe of spotless white, He will lead me where no tears will ever fall; In the glad song of ages I shall mingle with delight, But I long to meet my Savior first of all.

### Chorus

I shall know Him, I shall know Him, And redeemed by His side I shall stand, I shall know Him, I shall know Him By the print of the nails in His hand.


## Scriptures

### I Thessalonians 5:10

- [I Thessalonians 5:10](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=I%20Thessalonians%205%3A10)


## Topics

- Affirmation

## Stakeholders

- Sweney, John R. (Composer)
- Crosby, Fanny J. (Lyricist)
- Morrison, Richard L. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

Arr. © Copyright 2002 by Richard L. Morrison, Owner. All Rights Reserved.


## Disclaimers


