# 9254 - Turn The World Upside Down

## Notation

Eb - 4/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Once I lived in a world of guilt and Satan had control of me. There I roamed till a new day dawned and by His light I now can see. I must go to the ones I know who need a love like this I've found. Ev'ry day as I go my way, I'll turn the whole world upside down.

### Verse 2

I've a tale for the ones who've failed to find the peace of mind they need; Jesus Christ, by his sacrifce has proved Himself a friend indeed. By His love and the grace above this peace of mind can now be found. If we do what He wants us to, we'll turn the whole world upside down.

### Verse 3

I don't know why He loved me so to die upon the cross for me. I just know that I need to go and lead someone to Calvary. Some day soon, be it night or noon, He's coming with the trumpet's sound; Until then I will bring them in; I'll turn the whole world upside down.

### Chorus

There's a lot of lost people needing what I've got and I've got to share it while I can. Working ev'ry day just to hear somebody say that they want to follow His commands; Never will I quit, for my heart cannot forget how His love has turned my life around. Ev'ry day, as I go my way, I'll turn the whole world upside, Turn the whole world upside, Turn the whole world upside Turn the whole word upside down.


## Scriptures

- [Acts 17:2](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Acts%2017%3A2)

## Topics

- Consecration
- Soul Winning
- Temptation
- World

## Stakeholders

- Box, Gary L. (Composer)
- Box, Gary L. (Lyricist)
- Box, Gary L. (Copyright Holder)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1978 by Gary L. Box, Owner. All Rights Reserved. Edited by Richard L. Morrison.


## Disclaimers


