# 9281 - Time, Fleeting Time

## Notation

F - 6/4 on 1 - MI

## Lyrics

### Verse 1

Time is the touch of a soft, warming breeze Bearing the first breath of Spring; Frangrant aromas of nature reborn Flying on transparent wings. Gone are the blizzards, the stark, barren trees; Born are the fawn and the cub. Precious, delightful, unique is each day: Never repeated again.

### Verse 2

Time is the season of vigor and growth, Sunshine and long Summer days. Days filled with laughter and gardens and games, Moments that mem'ry replays. Gone are the tulips, the birds learning flight; Ripened the fruit and the grain. Precious, delightful, unique is each day: Never repeated again.

### Verse 3

Time is the changing and swirling of leaves, Autumn has brightened their hue: Prisms in nature to prove its design Silently shown in review. Gone the lush forest, the flowers that bloom; Stored is the harvest at last. Precious, delightful, unique is each day: Never repeated again.

### Verse 4

Time is a snowflake held firm in the light, Moments of Winter forelorn. Snow covered evergreens glow in the sun, Melting with rainbows reborn. Gone are the colors, the bright harvest moon; Dormant the bear and the land. Precious, delightful, unique is each day: Never repeated again.

### Verse 5

Time is a river eroding its banks, Passing unoticed, away. Little the moments for joy ev'ry day, Time to give praise and to pray. So many chances to reach out and grasp Treasures we lose on our way. Taken for granted, ignored and despised: Beauty that's wasted each day!

### Verse 6

Time passes quickly, and swifter each year: More and more thoughts to pursue. Days that demand ev'ry moment awake Drive my attention from You. Tested afloat on the river of time, Rowing with strength, but which way? God is the Giver, yet I must decide: How will I serve Him today?


## Scriptures

### James 4:14

- [James 4:14](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=James%204%3A14)


## Topics

- Brevity Of life
- Admonition
- Stewardship
- Time

## Stakeholders

- Morrison, Richard L. (Composer)
- Box, Gary L. (Lyricist)
- Morrison, Richard L. (Copyright Holder)
- Morrison, Richard L. (Lyricist)

## Copyright

© Copyright 1999 by Richard L. Morrison, Owner. All Rights Reserved.


## Disclaimers


